tablet_blackberry|I looked at the PlayBook for a long time before taking the plunge. It's being sold for cheap, and considering the build quality, specs, and features, it's really very competitive with the entry level Nexus 7s, Samsung Galaxy Tab 2s, and Kindle Fires. Of course, of course, its app selection is dreadful. I was encouraged by the announcement that BB10 is coming to PlayBooks, but I'm skeptical that it will. Even so, I still have a Blackberry phone, and the Bridge functionality is pretty handy. The browser is good. The audio is very good. 32 gb is plenty of storage for me. Email is good. Wi Fi reception is good. There are a couple of pretty cool little apps, and overall, as long as you get it for cheap (make sure you spend at least 25% less on one of these as you would on one of the aforementioned's entry level tabs), I think you're well advised to do so.
tablet_blackberry|I like this tablet compared to others i've had i like being able to view flash objects on websites and the tablet is fast and responsive only thing i dont like is the app store is very limited. battery is really good lasts me all day with normal use ive gone 3 days without charging it and it still has 20% left overall good buy for its price i can have so many videos on this and still have a lot of space left for more
tablet_blackberry|I have been wanting one of these for a long time, and I am so happy that I purchased it! The graphics are better than some TVs have, and I can use it for pretty much anything I need to do, including type documents that are compatible with Word. I am in awe!
tablet_blackberry|The price was too good to pass up. If the new Blackberry OS10 comes through, you'll have a great tablet. Hopefully will access Android, Netflix etc. This is an investment gamble but you can't lose. It always make a great media player.
tablet_blackberry|BLackberry playbook , fullfill all my expectations. It works great, I like the software designed for the playbook. Also if you don't to use a laptop or desktop because is too big or any other reason, this playbook is perfect to browse on internet and just relax while you are enjoying it!
tablet_blackberry|I am desperately trying to get my blackberry devoted husband to make the switch to the droid market. He is very resistant to touch anything.. So this was going to be the gateway. I wasn't sure if I should invest in this since I never feel like blackberry will come back. It's all a waiting game that never happens. But after we figured out how to sidebar google play apps, it seems to be good for him. But it really was way too difficult. And we are both pretty computer savvy, especially him, it looks classy feels good. If you have a bb phone then even better.
tablet_blackberry|Since I gave it to him for Christmas, my hubby doesn't leave the house without it anymore... Nor does he use the home computer anymore either (better for me...:)) Very portable, light, usable, multi-functional, he tells me that he loves it!He already uploaded a lot of apps from android world and they work smoothly. At the same time he deleted a lot of apps from his blackberry and now it's working faster, because playbook handles multiple tasks and various internet browsing way better.Oh, and he loves using the wi-fi connection of his blackberry on his playbook and sync a lot of other things between them, he can even manage the tablet from the phone and vice versa.It's a pleasure to watch pics and videos on it, the display and resolution are awesome!The only issue we had was in the beginning, we couldn't seem to start charging the tablet... to fix this you need to turn it off completely (once you open it, don't turn it on just yet...) and charge for a couple of hours and enjoy your beautiful tablet!!
tablet_blackberry|I have owned an Asus Transformer, Kindle Fire, and Samsung Player. All were very nice machines. I bought the Playbook because it is 7 inch, got it and nice cover/stand for $200, and it seemed to be a no fluff machine. Apps are very limited but adequate for me with Facebook, email, several Web browsers, and the puzzles I like. I happily consider my purchase a excellent value.
tablet_blackberry|I have had other blackberry products in the past so I was already familiar with the operating system. I've had good luck with my other Blackberry products.This is a great tablet. Sets up relativity fast. It has a 32G memory so I was pleased not to have to buy any extra memory card for it. I have used both cameras and the best I can say is you get cell phone quality pics if that's what your looking for. Other than that video chat is great! Also comes with Need for Speed app already installed.
tablet_blackberry|Received playbook ahead of schedule. Works great. Let me say that I use my tablet for email, web browsing, reading books, watching movies, and playing music. I don't play games and I am not interested in most of the apps. One GPS app I downloaded called Navigator was junk.Setup was a bit on the technical side but tou have 90 days support and I got a lot of good info from youtube. Email contacts would not download no matter what recommended method from Blackberry I tried. I finally loaded my contacts manually. Ease of use, performance and battery life are excellent.I took one star away for the following reasons. Email, the contacts issue. Movies, Nefflix does not run on Playbook. Books, I downloaded Kindle for Playbook and it few of the options that Kindle for PC has. So I had to switch to Playbooks bookreader NOOK and repurchase the book I was reading. Otherwise, everything else including the high quality speakers and HD video are outstanding.
tablet_blackberry|Wanted to get my mom something a little smaller and easier to handle for her to play her games online. It works great, has some awesome features, just what the doctor ordered! Arrived very fast. Great product.
tablet_blackberry|I own a iPhone 4,iPod shuffle 4th gen,iPad 3rd gen,Kindle touch 3g,Kindle Fire,Nook Tablet and a 3ds. This beats them all in navigation because the border around it is touch sensitive. It does not beat the New iPad in pixels but its graphics are amazing. The speakers are louder than the other items I own. It charges fast but if you buy the rapid charger it charges faster than the other items. It has great security. The screen is strong but if you want a good screen protecter get the GreatShield Ultra Smooth Clear Screen Protector Film for RIM Blackberry Playbook Tablet (3 Pack) it feels like its not even on it. For cases I got the blackberry playbook keyboard case from [...] it is good but I would not recommend it because the playbook works better without it instead I would get the Research in Motion Leather Convertible Case for BlackBerry Playbook (ACC-40279-301) I own that also and it works great. The cameras work great. Do not pay more than $330 for this, I only paid $299.98. If you buy this order it from amazon.com and make sure its prime that way if there is a problem you can return it easy.
tablet_blackberry|I've been reading lots of reviews on this for a while, and then I finally bought one (in like new condition) for only $150! If you want tons of games and apps and all, this might not have the variety you want. Sure it's got apps, and some good ones too! but nothing like iTunes. It may not be able to match up to the iPad in some ways, but in the most important aspects for a solid tablet, this thing is fantastic! Just as good or even better than the iPad in some ways.Price: I'm not sure why they sell this for so cheap. Hands down. Great deal.Screen: full 1080p HD. Connect directly to your HD tv! convenient!iTunes Music: has a great app called iTunes sync to buy for $4. will probably sync all or most of your music! some mightnot sync because of protection on the music file. Pretty good music app to find your playlists, artists, etc.Camera: full HD pics and videos. haven't used it much, but works good as far as I know!Messaging: email is great! notification light is goodDocs to Go: Word and Excel files! you can view powerPoint. Adobe PDF reader too!Print to Go: Connect wirelessly to your laptop through the internet. Put a Word, Excel, or PDF file directly onto your tablet to view. This is very nice to be able to put files onto your playbook.Battery: pretty good! Not great. But again mine is used. it's good enough for me! I charge it every couple days or so. Depends on how much you use it (kinda obvious).Wifi works great!! it will remember multiple networks and connect automatically when you're there.eBooks: has Kobo. I'm not big on eBooks. So I don't really care that much. Does NOT support Kindle. I don't think Kobo has nearly as much as Kindle.Pretty good facebook app. You can also just connect to FB using the regular fb website.INTERNET: wow!! this is one of the best things about this. it's fast, smooth, great screen. You don't need tons of apps for the internet when you can connect directly! flast supported, JavaScript. Complete web pages, pinch to zoom. VERY NICE. I'm going to college and this thing is small and good to carry around campus.Not perfect but it's very good. Doesn't have tons of great apps like itunes or netflix. I wish this thing would become more popular and supported. If i had a blackberry phone i'd like it even more.
tablet_blackberry|I've Bought This device and i want to tell that it it very useful, i watch movies, read books, play games. Very Good Combination of Price and Usability.
tablet_blackberry|The BlackBerry playbook is by far the most capable tablet around. I have used the playbook for approximately 3 months. The browser is amazing which closely resembles a desktop like experience. One issue I have with this tab is the lack of apps, however, the flash enabled browser makes up for it; minus Hulu blocking access to its Site. There are some minor annoyances like the random browser crash (rarely with OS 2.0.1.358) or 3rd party app crashes. The most problematic issue I have came across was when I would open an android app through the app player which would make the entire OS run less efficient. I hardly use the anrdoid app player, so I'm not too annoyed. The main selling point for me was the small form factor and the drastic price drop which made this tab irresistible. I highly recommend this product if you mainly utilize the browser. This product is only getting better and the value with this product is immense.
tablet_blackberry|I love my Playbook...The screen is spectacular and the battery life is pretty good..The browser is something to behold on this thing. It is fast, renders pages beautifully and the flash content looks incredible
tablet_blackberry|Depending what your doing with it, your satisfaction will vary. Quality build, doesn't feel cheap whatsoever. With the exception of the already previously stated lack of apps this is a solid tablet. It's my go to web browser, movie watcher on flights, and kobo is good enough for me as a reader. I'm happy with it and recommend seller Blinq to buy from. My purchase and delivery were flawless.
tablet_blackberry|Probably the best tablet out there to date. It has everything I need and then some. I love the crystal clear screen and stereo speakers; perfect for keeping the kids entertained in the car.
tablet_blackberry|i can tell you that this product it is just amazing , fast like hell and the conectivity between the smartphone and the tablet it's just great !
tablet_blackberry|I had been looking for a tablet that my hubby could learn the internet and computer on and finally he is thrilled with this one. We had tried a couple of other tablets but found them slow and hard to manuever through the windows/apps. We can't get over the vibrant clarity of the videos and pics plus the audio is phenomenal. The speed is faster than my laptop with DSL. It is little difficult to click on some of the commands on a 7" screen with your finger, we are hoping a stylus will help. The internal keyboard is a good size and easy to type on. Still learning what all this tablet can do. I don't have a Blackbery phone but now I want to get one so we can bridge them. The package arrived in good shape, well insulated, and attractively boxed once we opened the shipping crate. Came with everything promised. Great product for the money!
tablet_blackberry|Love this tablet paired with my BlackBerry smartphone. The tablet has great functionality, is the perfect size and was chosen because it is smaller than an iPad, and is made by BlackBerry. The browser is lightning quick, I can listen to music all day because the storage space is ample, the keyboard uses quick keys to predict what you are typing and that make sending emails and writing reviews like this quicker and easier.
tablet_blackberry|I had been wanting one for some time. I am a blackberry fan. Been using blackberry products since 2003. Love the fact that I can bridge the info from my Blackberry cell to the Playbook. I am never without my information. Still learning all of its features, but at least I am having fun.
tablet_blackberry|this device has amazing capabilities for presentations. Although it is redundant to carry both the playbook and your smartphone, the phone will basically be a phone. The screen is high def.
tablet_blackberry|After 6 months of use the battery seems dead, it doesn't take any charge, it's always at 0% and now I can't use the device because it's stuck waiting to download the latest update but it requires 20% of charge to run
tablet_blackberry|Just like the HP Touchpad, the Playbook is a fantastic tablet made by a great company, its poor sales made it what it is, an incredible bargain. Tip: Office Depot has it on sale for $130 for the 16 Gigs, $150 for the 32 gigs. At that price, and for the quality and functioality you get, you can probably see why I compare it to the TouchPad. There were long line ups when the fire sale at $100 for the Touchpad went up, you can now get the same type of deal without standing in line.
tablet_blackberry|The Blackberry Playbook is quite an interesting tablet. It brings to the table what you would normally expect out of a 7in tablet. It comes equipped with a 7 inch, 1024x600 display, which still looks pretty nice despite the lower resolution compared to other tablets on the market. The Playbook also has a rear 5MP camera, capable of 1080p video, and a front facing 3MP camera for thing like video chat. In our tests, we the still picture image quality to be a bit sub-par compared to other devices, however the 1080p video was rather nice for the camera thats given. Moving on to software, the Playbook comes with version 2 of RIM's QNX software, which we found to be a rather pleasant experience. The navigation of the OS is based around its multitasking features, which keeps all open apps in its own little box on the home screen, which are all constantly running. For that matter, the Playbook really shines at multitasking compared to other mobile OSs, however thats really where its pluses end. The Playbook's app store, called Blackberry App World, really lacks in apps, even with developers able to convert their Android apps to Blackberry. We really hope to see more developer support for the Playbook.
tablet_blackberry|I purchased the 64GB Blackberry playbook and I have to say it is a really nice tablet to have. The screen resolution is amazing and everything is so fine and beautiful. The only downfall for when i purchased this was that i ordered it through another distributor off amazon and when it got delivered it looked like it was used or something and my box did not have a seal on it like you would normally have when you buy any electronic within a box. Also the battery charger was missing so i couldn't even turn it on. I had to end up returning everything and purchase a new one from my local office depot. So before you buy it online make sure you're buying it from a legit and well trusted distributor (like amazon directly). Other than that i still give this product 5 stars because i love everything about this playbook.
tablet_blackberry|Features and price:First, I am an avid apple consumer and it would seem that an iPad would be my first choice in buying a tablet, it was not. Simply because it doesn't read flash, it's too big, and I think the price is a little ridiculous to pay for something that's a larger scale of what I already have and doesn't do everything I want it to do. However, I still wanted something aesthetically appealing, sleek, sturdy, and about $200. I looked at the kindle fire but it lacks a camera and I looked at the nexus 7 but at $200 you get 8g instead of 16g. I had seen the PB at Best Buy and a few minutes playing with it I wanted it .. After further research and reading the reviews (good/bad) I bought it for these reasons: The screen quality is awesome and makes the screen look bigger than 7inches, the fluidity of the platform is so sleek, and I really like the swipe up/swipe down feature (instead of the home button on an iPad). It has a rubberized back for a no slip grip and is light. Sound is great n doesn't sound cheap. I read the battery life was long and it definitely is! After the first charge I didn't have to recharge for 3 days .. I suppose if you use it all day long it'll last about 9hrs.Apps:If you're an app maniac don't buy it! The PB does not play Netflix which is a bummer but I honestly watch Netflix only on a TV, it doesn't have instagram but I'm not trying to whip out a tablet to take a picture, that's what my iPhone is for, and as far as games go, everytime I've DL one on my iPhone it becomes a waste of space and I usually delete them after a few days . As a college student, Docs to go and adobe reader (comes standard) is great, it will definitely come in handy for lecture when I have to write or retrieve PDF and word documents. It also comes with the essential FB, twitter, and YouTube apps. From what I have been reading on the net there are ways to sideload android apps,haven't tried .. Not sure if I will.Internet and wifi:The wifi connection is strong and picks up signals my laptop can't..Im sure the Bluetooth connection is just as strong just haven't tried it. The Internet browsing is crisp, clear, and fast! I REALLY needed a tablet that read flash I shop a lot online and a lot of sites use it and my online class requires it for viewing homework and since the PB reads flash it's perfect and runs smoothly with no freezing. Other reviewers say its like browsing on a desktop and they're right!Accessories:Not very many and kinda hard to find. I'm really big on housing for my devices but I ended up finding this Swedish company, Dicota , that makes covers for playbook and has a nice quality.Overall, extremely satisfied with my BBPB! Would recommend to anyone who likes products that do just what they say they do at a great price!
tablet_blackberry|I am very satisfy with my bbry playbook! i'm just discovering and downloading the aplications but the best was the bbry bridge! it works perfectly! i definetely would recommend it!
tablet_blackberry|Been using my Playbook for two weeks now and I can say I'm satisfied with this purchase. RIM's tablet packs the power of a mini-laptop in a pocket-sized form.Pros:- It has crystal-clear display- Very resistant and stoutly built- Fast, with more than enough power to run heavy applications and games.- Feature-rich with HD rear facing camera, a chatting front-faced camera, GPS, Wi-fi, HDMI and Bluetooth.- GPS apps don't work while connected only to BlackBerry Bridge but they work while tethered to a BlackBerry phone or connected to a wi-fi mobile AP on Android (see below) The included app Bing Maps does a good job similar to google maps, and can even give me driving directions (in my country, Google Maps doesn't do that)When partnered with a BlackBerry phone (I have one) the result is more than the sum of its parts. The tablet can function as a big screen for the phone, and the phone works as a wireless modem for the tablet (over Bluetooth)If you have an android phone v2.2 or above (I have one too) the phone can share its internet connection with the Playbook via Mobile Wi-fi AP. Also, I can transfer files between the phone and the tablet with an android free application installed on the phone called AirDroid.Cons:- A little bit on the heavy side, but still lighter than any 10 inch tablet.- Battery life isn't spectacular, when I used it through the day, I must charge it overnight, every night.- A certain lack of applications, but this is an item that gets more value as more people buy it. Eventually more apps will be released.
tablet_blackberry|I watched lots of YouTube vids, and read reviews on the 'PlayBook' before buying. This is the BEST 7" tablet on the market currently! I simply cannot believe how powerful and smooth the dual core processor and O.S. is, and how quickly the full screen web pages (like your PC, with 'Flash') load. Love love LOVE the web browser and 'desktop' main screen. The front firing stereo speakers and audio are great as well. And the high density graphics, camera, and 1080p HD video (with much better audio quality than iPAD) is 'to die for'. This thing even has a built in gyro for game control too. I also have found more than enough apps to suit my interests. The value factor of this excellent tablet is 'off the scale' as well, and portability is fantastic. If I could only find 1 fault with it (and this is true of many tablets), it's that the battery is not user-serviceable or replaceable. If RIM and other tablet makers would manufacture tablets with pop-out, user replaceable batteries, they would triple their sales. I would hate to think that I have to toss this gem of a tablet out in 2 or 3 years if the battery stops holding a charge, which often happens with today's electronics. In summation, RIM would sell tons more of these great tablets if only consumers know about it! Maybe they should hire VW's admen and run a catchy TV ad campaign!
tablet_blackberry|If you want to play Angry Birds, update your Facebook status, download the trendy Apps, or stream movies/TV shows all day, then this probably isn't the tablet for you. But if you want to stay connected to the internet, easily manage with your emails, read pdfs, and edit your MS Office files, then the Playbook is the right tablet to choose.Basically, what the Playbook does, it does very well. It is faster and multi-tasks better than any of the tablets, including the ipad. Plus I think the screen looks more brilliant than the competitors. At first I was worried with the small screen size, but actually the compactness is really slick and it is large enough where I don't struggle seeing everything.It seems that RIM is on a slippery slope right now, but I think if more people viewed this thing as a cool tool for getting work done rather than a wannabe toy, the Playbook would be much more successful. Approach this thing with the right expectations, and you will be more than impressed. For your handheld gaming experience, buy a Nintendo 3DS. :)PS: If you can get the Bluetooth keyboard w/ case, I highly recommend it. I was surprised with how effective the combined touchscreen/keyboard approach can be.
tablet_blackberry|Good powerful multi-tasking, where you can run a video in one window and play a game in another with both apps running concurrently, is a first of its kind for a mainstream tab. App (we need a lot more)
tablet_blackberry|The size, build, and current operating system on this blow everything else out of the water. But the icing on the cake is the browser - it is better than any desktop browser out there, seriously.
tablet_blackberry|This tablet has met all my expectations, it is ideal To scroll in the web, watch videos, listen to radio via Internet, chat, write emails, perhaps the only thing missing is able to connect to 3G networks, through a mobile internet.
tablet_blackberry|I've done several months worth of research into tablets and their drawbacks and advantages and found that this little guy really fits the bill for my needs. I needed something capable of java and able to get to PayPal and other online forums for my business and found this tablet works great. Sure, there are indeed trade-offs when it comes to the BB versus others, but I gave them all serious consideration before buying.I also a very fair tech user and have several Apple products (computers), but just felt for my needs and the times i've used the iPad (friends that own it), the BB is a great, cheap alternative.I'd really recommend anyone I interested in buying a tablet to research their abilities and drawbacks and don't kid yourself. If you want a toy, that's fine, but don't blame the device one way or another for not (or) having the features one finds useful.
tablet_blackberry|I upgraded from an Ipod 4th generation. I loved using my Ipod, but I got tired reading on the small screen. So I looked to buy a tablet. I didnt want to buy an Ipad because I didnt want to spend that much $$. Plus Ipad was a bit big for my taste. I narrowed it down to two candidates : the Playbook and the Kindle Fire. They cost about the same. The Kindle had access to tons of media from Amazon. The Playbook had better hardware specs. I decided on buying the Playbook and I do not regret it. I owned this thing for a week and I like the Playbook's OS and browsing experience. I mainly wanted a tablet that I can browse the web, and read my emails and it is a far better experience than I had with my little Ipod touch. The extra components on it like hdmi to tv, bluetooth, the two cameras, 1gb RAM, and two loud speakers made it more appealing than the Fire. I know that the Kindle has access to more android apps than the Playbook, but I can live with out it. Plus the news that Netflix will not be supported on the Playbook, its OK with me because I can always watch Netflix on several devices I own.
tablet_blackberry|I own the iPad 1, Lenovo K1 and Playbook. Sell the first two and keep the Playbook. I love the 7" form factor although it might not be for everyone. The downside is the weak app store although that is changing in 2 weeks with the release of OS 2.0. Wouldn't hesitate to buy it again, especially at the $199 price point. Solid build, great speakers (better than iPad and Lenovo K1 combined), crystal clear display, camera is better than most tablet cameras, quick, quick dual core on Blackberry's homegrown OS. I really love how the OS works compared to iOS or Android Honeycomb. The touch sensitive bezel is great and very intuitive. Just love it, love it, love it.
tablet_blackberry|I had three tablets over the course of a month. I ended up sending the other two back and keeping the blackberry playbook. I understand the fact that a tablet is not a PC, however I wanted a smaller version of my PC NOT a large version of my phone. The blackberry Playbook is great in that I can view almost all websites without any problem what so ever, which was the #1 thing I wanted it for since I am taking classes and most other tablets Including I PAD will not display certain websites correctly. It is large enough to be useful while still being portable so it will fit in pretty much any purse that I own, especially since I am not a big purse kind of person. Some said the power button is small and troublesome but I do not have any problems with it. The apps are a little to be desired but has all of the essentials that I needed.
tablet_blackberry|The quality of the tablet is very good, the screen is super bright and the touch is too good. Once the software is fast and very agile. The mini hdmi connectors and mini brings makes it very practical USB for connections. In conclusion I recommend it 100% but even if you have a blackberry.
tablet_blackberry|The Blackberry Playbook is a great tablet that works seemlessly with your Blackberry phone and at a price that can't be beat. The quality is excellent.
tablet_blackberry|This tablet is so great. It has twice as many memory as even the HD kindle. I enjoy watching my favorite shows because the quality is wonderful.
tablet_blackberry|Well to tell you the truth I hesitated when purchased this tablet. I had either owned or borrowed many many tablets, so checking this one was a matter of professional curiosity. I did not expect much, but the price was right, so I gave it a try. I always like when what you get exceeds your expectations. Before that I thought that WebOS is so much more ahead of competition in terms of UI, after I played with Playbook I think they are par with each other. What makes the UI amazing is the sensitive areas which go beyond the display. The bottom one used to switch between the open apps like in WebOS, and you can swype the app card away almost like in WebOS. Another unique element is if you swype from the top you get to the app menu, really cool! You can switch between the open apps if you swype from left or right bezel inwards. Speed of UI is great! Another great advantage you can install Android apps either through appetite or sideload them. Not the greatest choice here and they run in the same card, but it's better than nothing. I've managed to put every app I need including Adobe Photoshop Express and Amazon Kindle. The only problem I have encountered was installing Skype, it starts but does not work.One thing missing compared to galaxy is the absence of the microSD card slot, but I've managed to bypass it with Eye-fi sd card in my camera and it works seamlessly.At the moment it's the best tablet I own and owned, better than nooks, kindle fire, galaxy tabs, touchpads and ipads. I still find galaxy tab the best hardware design wise, but it seems like UI and great screen make the difference for me.PS looking forward to the BlackBerry new smartphone. It's sad that the best products are not always commercially successful as well
tablet_blackberry|I have been looking for a tablet for a very long time, and I was monitoring the BB Playbook for more than 8 months. I have read all the reviews, pros and cons at different intervals of time......however I would just like to shed some light on some popular issues, and get to the bottom line, as I have bought 2 64GB versions for both my wife and I...and we love them and couldn't be happier:Myths:1) Unless you're the Hulk, the Power Button is not too small. The button is very well designed and is easily accessible. Everyone just kept jumping on the bandwagon review after review2) Apps, well I admit that BB app-world currently does not have an avalanche of apps, however there are some very good ones. Apps which can really enhance you productivity. Besides it ships with "docs on the go" which allows you to edit Word, Excel and PowerPoint Files on the go...without any additional cost...Thank You BBCons:1) Battery life could be longer, I get about 8hrs with full utilization, but many tablets like this one fail in comparison to the industry benchmark i-padPro's:1) Sleek and sexy with a very high quality design build. The materials feel very executives, not cheap like some other items currently on the market2) Camera's capture outstanding quality3) Internet, OK the 4G version didn't materialize but I still have internet access when I utilize my Blackberry phone's internet plan. This saves me an additional cost every month, as both my smartphone and tablet utilize the same plan. Thank You BB4) Screen, very very vibrant images5) Sound, very very good sound quality considering the size of the device6) Price, 64Gb model for 299USD....BOTTOM LINE:NO other competitor comes close to providing this amount of quality for this price. You get the world renowned support of Blackberry, with all the ingredients to work hard and play harder.
tablet_blackberry|The hardware for this tablet is probably the best that you'll find in this price range. Equipped with two HD cameras, 16 gigs and more of storage, and a gig of ram, it's fast and reliable. The HD display is wonderful. The OS is intuitive and quickly mastered. The web browser is one of the best I've seen on a mobile device, although it could use a few improvements.This product does has its share of downsides to it. While the OS is great, it's also pointless as there are only a few apps created for it. While the newer versions do have a way to add android apps, it's needlessly complicated for the average users as such additions need to be downloaded to PC, converted into bar file, and then uploaded to the Playbook using another downloaded and installed program.The Kobo e-book store has lots of great books, but no where near at many as you could get with the Amazon Kindle (yet another app with no official presence on the Playbook) or Kindle Fire.The Video Store has such a lack of movies that it's ridiculous. Also, you can buy episodes for the few tv series that they have, but you can't buy the whole series for some reason. All in all, if you do get this product, you'd be better off watching movies or tv with the web browser, which works fine with Amazion's Instant Video.The video chat for the device only allows chats with other playbook owners (as far as I can tell) and the lack of apps to make up for this really hurts. To connect to the internet without Wi-Fi I've just found out that you can tether the playbook to non blackberry phones!Overall, I'd have to say that while the Hardware is the best and OS is well written, the fact that it isn't very android compatible or better yet, an android based OS hurts the Playbook's future prospects badly. If you're looking for something more mainstream, you'll need to look elsewhere. Hopefully the creators of the Playbook will change the OS to make it easier to add android apps or better yet, just write an android OS for the Playbook, (as I don't see many developers switching over to a system that only works with blackberry products).There are a lot of other things about the Playbook, both Good and Bad and is well worth the money (starting at around $200.00 for the 16gig) . I'll leave you here by saying that while I'm happy with it, that I'm also going to be getting another brand of tablet. Take that any way that you please...
tablet_blackberry|I bought this tablet for myself for Christmas after researching many of the choices out there for smaller tablets, and I couldn't be happier with my purchase. I carry it everywhere. I don't need a lot of apps; the epub book reader and a few games to supplement the preinstalled software are sufficient. I can take photos and upload directly to facebook, download movies and music from itunes and subscribe to numerous podcasts. This tablet is a good value at $200.
tablet_blackberry|Since I have gotten my MUCH BELOVED Playbook, I have seen so many sites bashing this wonderful addition to the Blackberry 'family'. To be honest,its Blackberry's fault for not providing a great ad campaign for this innovative addition to the product line. I even did a blog about it last week, here is the link :[...]This was a WONDERFUL opportunity for Blackberry to create a really cool entry into the tablet market. The Playbook IS NOT an Ipod, but a really awesome "tablet-like" addition to the service that many of us business professionals depend on. (sorry for the link, but this topic is such a hot topic right now)
tablet_blackberry|I'm a 25 year computer person and I've had my playbook about 3 weeks now and use it daily. I think the 7" form factor is great for carrying around and the gesture based OS (2.0) is superb. I didn't know how I would feel about gestures and initially expected to hate it, but I now have a lot of confidence in this technique for the present and future. I have had only one recurring problem and that is sometimes the browser crashes and you have to reopen it, I feel sure this is a flash related problem, but you can't have your cake and eat it to. The build quality of the product is outstanding, nothing, absolutely nothing cheap or flimsy. Screen resolution is great, there may be better, but my eyes can't tell. Really, the biggest problem I have is that now when I pick up my Iphone or another tablet I want to use gestures and can't.
tablet_blackberry|People in the forums here kept saying not to get the BB Playbook, and I didn't know why. I am a BB fan, I have a curve, and the 7inch looked perfect for me. I got it for $200 which was a perfect price.I have not had any problems with it. I LOVE the games I get to play on it, I LOVE being able to read my books on it at night, I also love that I can read pdfs and .docs on it, because my professor has us reading a lot of those and I just open them in my playbook and read them wherever I go. I never have to print out another document to read it on the go :) SO perfect.I also like that I can connect it with my curve. I have been able to use the internet just fine off my curve. It's great for when you're going somewhere with someone in their car, and you need directions to someplace or looking for some grub.I am also glad for the cameras. It has two, and you can even record video with them. A perfect addition that the Kindle Fire does not have :)The size is also perfect. Any bigger, and it would have been TOO big. It's not too small AT ALL.Like I said. No Problems. I'm in love with it, and I am so glad I did not listen to those weirdos in the forums who told me not to buy it :)
tablet_blackberry|The Blackberry Playbook I would say is the perfect tablet for those who simply want to browse the Internet, read a book, or listen to music. It's compact, lightweight, and the screen is the perfect size. Also the cameras both take and record brilliant pictures. If this smart little device had android features and/or were capable of downloading android apps, play all flash content and had accessories (ie: screen protectors carrying cases etc.) that were widely available I would have no need for a computer or iPhone. But hey, for the price and other qualities, I can make due.
tablet_blackberry|I purchased my Blackberry Playbook (64GB) in April on launch day and must say that I have not regretted my purchase. The screen is startlingly clear, the apps run without a hitch, battery life is impressive and the synchronization with my BlackBerry Style is seamless. The complaints about it having "no apps" is utterly false and simply ridiculous. Between my Style and my PlayBook, I have about 150 apps for social media, productivity, reading (blogs, news and books) and games.I am a consultant and have used my PlayBook for presentations (so slick!), to update my company's blog and website, for shopping (like, well, here), for preparing class notes, and for blowing up those pesky Humans in My Yard (it's a PlayBook thing). I have gone weeks at a time without my laptop, just dropping my PlayBook into my purse along with a Moleskine notebook and my favorite pen (a Caran D'ache Ecridor Chevron Silver Plated Ballpoint Pen--sigh)I have used an iPad, which was on loan, and couldn't quite see what the breathless, adoring hoopla was about: It was large, did not have as many features and its app store included apps for things that ran, natively, on the Playbook (full internet from jumpstreet). But, then again, the PlayBook and the iPad are not designed for exactly the same target markets. To my mind, the PlayBook is work-skewed while the iPad is play-skewed (I hope that makes sense).Ignore the Playbook haters and get your hands on one, if you can (demo unit at Best Buy sold it for me). You'll see what we're talking about.
tablet_blackberry|I bought the samsung 10.1 because of my evo3d. Samsung builds good devices. But after a week with the samsung I decided to buy the playbook. Excellent product. Web browsing is excellent,and build is excellent. Quality product its about time. Oh and 699.99 for 64gb is resenable for quality. Remember you get what you pay for. Quality costs money. Well worth the price.
tablet_blackberry|The is the best tablet hands down. No other tablet either IPad 2 or any android Xzoom tablets come close. I've played with both of them. The hardware is what makes it. There is no other tablet that can call itself Professional grade and stand along those words like what the playbook has done. Yea apps aren't quite as robust as the ipad has. Who really needs 100,000 plus apps anyways.Most people just need to realize that Rim's plan with the playbook was to release the best tablet out there hardware wise and all the software and apps will follow. So its pretty much a good investment to have and will serve purposeful now, and even more purposeful later on as more apps and new software are being developed. Some of these are:cons Native email, contacts, etc. (coming soon with updates)
tablet_blackberry|I got the Playbook as a gift some months ago and the truth is that I like the product. I know there are not that many apps on the market and the ones that exist they have a price, now I have other tablets. I use the playbook for the following:Surf the web. You actually get the PC version of the website and not the "mobile" version of it.Play movies with it. Love the speakers.Watch amazon prime. It does that straight from the website because it supports flash.Answer emails and prepare work related stuff.Plug in the mini HDMI and watch the movie on my TV.I do not care about many apps but the apps I do wish they had was Netflix and Skype but it is not a deal breaker for me because I can use them on my phone, other tablets, PC, etc. Also I know that you can port android apps and I have already done it for a few of them but I think it is just one step and if you are not technically savvy it can put people off.Bottom line, I think it is a good tablet, I am hoping that it will only get better with the release of the new OS but it is good already, but if you do the cost analysis of acquiring one vs. any other electronic out there I think the playbook will come up on top just for the price point of it alone. The only time the Playbook will lose it would be when it comes to apps.I hope that Blackberry (RIM) works and encourages developers to port the apps directly to the blackberry app center. It shows that they have not forgotten this tablet because it keeps getting OS updates and if you look at reviews from when it came out and newer one you will see that RIM has not forgotten about it.
tablet_blackberry|Hi,I am a big gadget fan and I guess over time I tried them all - ipods, kindles, various smartphones and nameless mp3 players... Well, I love that thing! Perfectly sized (I don't see the point in having 10 inch tablet cause it comes fairly close in size to small laptops which are by definition more functional, customizable etc). I neede the thing that would be more convenient to use than ipod Touch (nice'n'handy, but the screen is too small for anything serious) yet something smaller than my laptop so that I could take that newcomer with me while my backpack stays at home.First of all, I was really impressed by the multitasking implemented in that baby. For the first time I see it working as reliable and easy as alt-tab :) Second, it's really powerful, I tried many things to push Playbook to the limit but it never let me down, be it video streaming, browsing or gaming (and yes, there are plenty nice games released for it, hence the name is correct :) ). Playbook is rock-solid in terms of both hardware and software, lightweight and just plain beautiful.It has decent software options as of current and the guys from RIM are working on it constantly, so I don't feel like I will be left behind (plus you may run Android apps on it). Overall, I am pleased with this purchase and believe it will keep me busy (and satisfied) for quite a long time.P.S. Oh, and I absolutely love gesture controls, absolutely natural, takes 5 minutes to get used to all of them. Well, maybe not five minutes... two would be enough!P.P.S. - decent battery life and good sound :)
tablet_blackberry|I bought a Toshiba Thrive 10" and a Blackberry PlayBook 16 gig tablets. I also have a generic 7" android tablet for comparison. The BBPB is really nice. The interface, the response, the touch and feel, are superior to the android tablets. It makes deleting apps and updating apps so much easier. The Ice Cream Sandwich on the android tablets is ok, not sure what the big deal is about, it's still a bit cumbersome to get around. The BBPB is much smoother and nimble, especially when it comes to web browsing. I tried 3 different browsers on the android tablets and they crash quite often whereas the BBPB gives me much more confidence in its stability. I thought after the past few years with the smart phones and tablets that Android tablets would be stable, but with so many different hardware variations, it's still a bit of a Wild Wild West - It's akin to Windows XP versus Windows 7 on a PC. The only drawback to the BBPB is the apps that are available. It's still a bit thin and I do not think BB will introduce a Android run-time environment so that you can run android apps on your Playbook (even though they said they would oh so long ago). On a positive note, you can side-load 1/3 of the android apps on your BBPB. You can look that up. Finally, the BBPB just feels like a serious piece of hardware. Plus, you can get what was recently a $400 tablet for about $150 now. Not too shabby. Hope this helps.
tablet_blackberry|I cannot for the life of me understand why anyone would entertain buying any other tablet in this price range. Simply put, nothing else compares to it for the money. Lightning fast, great os, 3 and 5 mp cameras, hd video recording, brilliant 5pt display, hdmi out, built in GPS, bluetooth, not to mention full flash and html-5 capability. People really stay away from these because they can't have netflix and skype (for now)? After just a few hours of using this thing my droid os device feels, well...kinda like a toy in comparison. Take advantage of the price drops folks. You won't be dissapointed.
tablet_blackberry|Well I really wasnt sure about which tablet I should buy so I take a look on several videos about its funcionalities and advantages.Suddenly the palybook appears on my list and I decide to take a chance. I have been using this gadget for about 4 days i cant stop using it, the documents open clearly, the navigator is really fast the only thing I dont like is that you can not organize your documents in folders when you download from your pc. The item arrive in exellent condition and it charge really quickly. I really recommended this tablet for students or working people is a really complete instrument to reach a new level of technology.Gennaro CMBA student
tablet_blackberry|I got this tablet about a week ago and I have to say that I am very happy with my choice. This is a solid piece of hardware and awesome software. Browsing on the playbook is fast and multitasking is just great. Video and audio quality is great as well. With the latest OS 2.0 release, you can also run android apps on the playbook, which really opens more choice. If you are thinking of buying this tablet, get one, you will not regret it.
tablet_blackberry|Every things in this tablet is perfect,just as I expected. It is very well made, the quality is very high with only $200 !What I like in this tablet:1) good battery life,2) very responsive,3) The browse is really good, the WiFi is very stable,4) nice device,high resolution,5) we can download applications.6) The photos and video take with the back camera are good quality, the front still good.7) I can read and edit txt, xls and ppt. also read pdf, that very good for a student.8) very easy to use, very convenient.What you need to know:1) It doesn't have the excess to android market even after the last update, and the blackberry market is not very rich in terms of applications as android market.2) Some applications need the use of blackberry phone.In my case this tablet is just what I was looking for,so I 'm satisfied !!!
tablet_blackberry|I've always been a Blackberry fan, I have gone on from the Bold to the Torch and my recent addition..the Playbook, it keeps me organized and entertained wherever I go! No need for a huge laptop lagging around when I am local. If you haven't experience the ride of the Playbook you should get one or try one at any mobile store. The iPad hype is just due to the name...the playbook does meet my expectations and work pretty much with my smartphone its like having a boss and an assistant!
tablet_blackberry|What can I say about this tablet is that its not only very fast when browsing or doing other things such as gaming but the screen is crystal clear and it also supports and has flash installed witch is a good thing when playing online games. On the other hand there is an update that you will be asked to download which is like 350mb when you first boot up and set up the device which will allow you to play many of the android apps on your tablet after you install it and I also heard that soon it will fully support android apps as well as android market. So what is great about this playbook is that it is very fast, price is great, long battery life, high quality speakers, good wifi signal, it has everything you want and need from a good tablet, and it also replaces other more expensive tablets such as Samsung galaxy tab and ipad.
tablet_blackberry|As someone who uses a tablet almost exclusively for business, the Playbook hasn't disappointed. I manage all of my e-mail accounts through this device while I'm away from a full-size computer, and the "Print to Go" feature - which allows me to wirelessly send documents from a regular computer to the tablet - has been very helpful. Plus the image resolution is excellent, the touchscreen is responsive, and the overall experience is very intuitive.
tablet_blackberry|I did my homework on the features I wanted on my tablet. I visited the Blackberry site. I found an instruction manual online and I read it. I made judgments on which reviews are constructive, and which are just plainly absurd. I settled on the Playbook. So, I wasn't disappointed when I got my Playbook in June this year.I took it on my trip in July to the Canadian Rockies. I was pleased that I could check both my personal e-mail on Yahoo and my work e-mail on Outlook. I took pictures using the Playbook (I had the camera on and put in in the pocket of the car door) when I couldn't fire up my Sony Hx9v fast enough to snap pictures of mountain goats, sheep and elks. (Almost took a picture of a black bear crossing the road. Kathy: Look, a bear. Bear: Oh #$%^, humans).I have since been able to side-load some android apps, which now has become a bonus. I am now able to read magazine from our public libraries. All in all I am happy.A side note: Blackberry people, you need to market your products better!Updated on August 25, 2012OK, so I didn't expect to do heavy-duty work on the PB. I did use the Print to Go feature, as well as sending myself word, pdf and PPT docs by email. I am able to work to the fullest extent that PB is capable of. Then, I do back to work and immediate hit the road running. That makes my Mondays are more prepared and pleasant.My Sony Hx9v is my dedicated camera, but I also take "duplicate" pics and videos on my playbook for sharing them with my co-workers. It's more handy and discrete than putting them on my work computer, and the Sony scree is too small anyways.I also take the PB to off site meetings (we have WiFi at all our sites). I bring the PB instead of lugging my labtop to allow access to work e-mail and essential documents in the PB, if case I need to refer to them.August 26 update:I wasn't sure what apps are in the App Store, so I just enter an alphabet in the search box. Then I browse what's available. Hope this helps.
tablet_blackberry|I bought my playbook tablet for 190 dollars + shipping from onsale it shipped fast and it was in stock as it said on the description 5/5Playbook:I own a blackberry torch 9800 and together with the playbook works pretty smooth, bridge function, remote control, checking files you name it! does the job fast and its fun 5/5Aplications: For those of you who dont know and keep complaining " The tablet doesnt have apps bla bla bla" i sideloaded most of android apps into my playbook like angry birds, angry birds rio, angry birds space, skype, amazon kindle, kobo, twitter, facebook, google maps, asphalt 6 ( AMAZING GAME) mordern combat 2 ( SUPER AMAZING GAME WITH MULTIPLAYER) it came preloaded with need for speed 1.4, version 2.1 and much much more all of them super smooth 5/5Camera:They are not the best cameras out there the rear camara is 5mp which is a very good camera it takes pretty good photos i must say, the front camara is 3mp which is more than enough to video chat on skype or anything overall 4/5Browser:Is one of the best browsers i have seen on a tablet and i have tried ipad 1,2 galaxy tab 7 inch tablet, most android tablets cheap versions and i have to say its quite fast and the pinch to zoom is super smooth no complaints! loads every flash content any ad EVERYTHING! its like a mini, mini computer :p Overall/ 4.5/5Speed:Its super fast does everything really really fast, i have opened up to 7 aplications at a time (its not that much but its mostly games, messages, fb, twitter) didnt lag even 1 timeBattery:The battery life is just OK not great, not weak just ok i expected the 10 hours they advertise but i could only manage 8 and barely using it 9 hoursOverall this tablet its just perfect for 200 bucks you will never find a better offer, if you have any questions on how to sideload android apps to your playbook sned me a message to my twitter account @Thequimicox
tablet_blackberry|I have an ipad so purchasing this was initially a questionable decision but I find myself using the playbook much more! Granted it is not quite as polished as ipad but it is much more useful carrying around and using in conjunction with my BlackBerry phone. It is very nice!
tablet_blackberry|This tablet is such a great value for the money. The most important things for me are:1. Browser speed - it's fast, responsive to the touch, and well laid out (separate tiles for each page that you can minimize or maximize). Everything loads quickly, videos don't skip, and Flash works great.2. Screen clarity - it's beautiful, similar to the Kindle Fire which is crystal clear and better than Samsung Galaxy Tab.3. Apps - it is so easy to "sideload" Kindle and Words with Friends or any non-native apps. There's step by step instructions all over the web, it's quick, and works great. There are also many native apps. For those who complain that there's not enough apps, I can't imagine what they feel is missing.4. Email - loaded with the 2.0 update and works great.5. Size and build - perfect on both counts. The Ipad is great but it's just not as portable. The Playbook feels more sturdy than the Ipad 2.It's the best tablet I've owned!
tablet_blackberry|Until you are sitting watching your pictures, videos, FLASH video, youtube and games on your huge flatscreen TV all running off of your BlackBerry Playbook - you can't understand how amazing this tablet is for, less than, half the cost of some of the others. At $199 you are, actually, getting some features that the others that the others don't have Flash video, true multitasking, 1080hd you, also get features that the Playbook does better aggregated contacts from your Facebook, LinkedIn etc.The "rap" on the Playbook, used to be, that it didn't have enough apps, no native calendar and email - those days are over. With their new Playbook 2.0 software - you get these all.Bottom line - for $199 you have an amazing opportunity to get the most portable, most productive, most fun tablet for its price on the market. Oh, and with the ability for the Playbook to run Android apps - more and more of them are becoming available everyday. Kindle App, Words with Friends, Xfinity etc. all the best Android Apps work "flawlessly" on Playbook.It's the best of BlackBerry and Android in one Playbook.
tablet_blackberry|About me... I'm technologically savvy through and through. I waited to get a tablet for a VERY long time. I almost pulled the trigger on the HP Slate, as it was a workhorse machine I desperately needed to meet all my working needs (not playing needs). Unfortunately, it was not a touch-friendly machine. Several years later, here I am with a Blackberry Playbook.This tablet will serve all of your WORKING needs and some of your playing needs. It will also address ALL of your media needs. That's the bottom line.Multitasking is true and familiar for Windows people. Navigation is natural and makes sense. You can side load apps. You can access items on your laptop, home, or office PC on the tablet via the Internet (ORB). PPT presentation (presentation mode) is spectacular. You can connect to VGA projectors (additional accessories necessary). It does everything for a person who needs to get things done.There's some talk about the power button being too small. I disagree. It's actually well placed and sized to avoid accidental on/off.I purchased the 16GB, as I figured I wouldn't use it that often. It is now my go-to computer and I have found myself loading more and more items I need on the machine. I wish I had purchased the large drive. However, given the FTP program and the ability to access files on other computers, this probably won't be an issue.Cons:-No Skype (there is an available program, but not seamless)-APP marketplace still slow going - APPS are a bit pricey.I am incredibly impressed with this machine. If you're like me, I think you'll find it very useful.
tablet_blackberry|Love the size, features and most importantly priceMy wife has an IPad, more than twice the price for a few more features I don't need. This is a steal at the current price, my guess is once people start realizing how great of a tablet it is the price will start to rise and settle $100 less than the Ipads.
tablet_blackberry|Preface: I have been a Blackberry user since 2004. Last December I purchased an Android phone, HTC G2 and lived with it for 3 1/2 months. My phone is used as a communication device, talk, text & e-mail. The Android was primarily a tiny screened tablet with apps and - a phone secondarily. Oh, and a HORRIBLE battery life. I came to the conclusion my perfect world was a BB phone and a 7" tablet.After reading some scathing reviews by some tech nerd types, I took the leap of faith and purchased the Playbook. Some of those reviews are just plain wrong. Yes the switch on top is a pain in the neck. But you only use it to turn on from a cold boot (off is on the desktop). I keep my unit on standby and have no battery life problems. The only time I'd turn it off is for some extended period of time.The browser is quick and easy to use. The Blackberry Bridge is great for me with business data on the company server and personal data, calendar etc. on a Blackberry. Since it's a 7" tablet and very portable the Blackberry Bridge (when traveling) gives me the internet at no cost. The desktop synch program works flawlessly with the Playbook and the Blackberry phone. Apps aren't a big deal for me. Battery life is fantastic on a Blackberry and very good on the Playbook.If RIM's OS updates are as represented, the combo of a Playbook and Blackberry phone give me the best of both worlds.I'll reserve a 5 Star rating for post update time.
tablet_blackberry|Well, this was indeed a nice size little "playbook". Good quality video, sound quality, surfing the web with ease and the whole nine yard.BUT, it just stopped charging and we now haave a dead Blackberry Playbook. After spending several hours talking to the tech, we still unsure what they are going to do about it. The sad thing was we have many videos and pictures that we have not downloaded to our computer.So, that's the updated review. We bought this from Staples. Loved it when it's working, now, not so much!--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Review Oct 4, 2011 - Unbelievable Value for $$$We picked the 16GB from Staples yesterday for $299. This is a fantastic tablet just based on the couple of hours playing with it last night. It is extremely well built, great images, love the keyboard and nice size!We previously owned a Kindle Keyboard Wifi+3G until it was stolen. We have been researching for similar size tablet for a replacement. Thought we found the Velocity Cruz that meets what we needed but Worldwide Distributors (WD)is not a good seller to deal with. WD shipped us a used 2GB Cruz tablet instead of what they advertised 4GB on Amazon, after battling trying to get our money back, they refunded us less than our purchased price. (Please read seller feedback before you deal with seller like this at Amazon).Anyway, we finally saw this $299 deal for a 16GB Blackberry Playbook and decided we are going to go for it. Basically this is what we need in a tablet..* Ability to read our ebooks, news, magazines* Ability to do browse the web and check emails* Decent camera (front and rear)* 7" tablet* Wifi capability* Bluetooth capability* Good size internal memory* Less than $350* Decent speaker to play music* Able to sync with the Blackberry smartphone because that's what one of us has.Will update this feedback once we have mroe time playing with it. Up till this point, very happy with the quality and meets what we need.
tablet_blackberry|The Blackberry Playbook is an underrated device. It is extremely well built and portable and is approximately the size of a small notepad. The benefits of the device include the amazing Blackberry QNX or BBX operating system that will be used for all future Blackberry's. As a companion to a Blackberry smartphone you will be hard pressed to find a better product. It has all the features you need to be more productive on the go and since the browser is so similar to a desktop browser you can watch all the flash videos and listen to music on the web that an iPad cannot. Now many who are looking to buy the Playbook will obviously want to compare it to the new Kindle Fire which was obviously a design taken from the Playbook, but the decision to purchase a Playbook will depend on what you want to use it for. As a media hub the Kindle Fire will ultimately be a better choice, but for someone who wants to be productive on the go and still have the Media capabilities and excellent QNX OS (which is a very stable platform) they will want to check out the Playbook. Contrary to popular belief and the media machine which lives and dies on Apple and Android there are other great alternatives out there and the Playbook is one of them. They are releasing version 2.0 of the QNX software in October and once it arrives all the features that were missing from the Playbook will be included. A re-launch of the product is imminent. This coupled with the fact that the Playbook is $200 dollars or more cheaper than it was will definitely bring about more adoption of the new Blackberry platform. Those that say Blackberry is dead obviously haven't used any of their new products. The Playbook is a new platform and has lots of potential and is a great mobile device for those who want something other than a media device to carry with them. I highly recommend the Playbook and look forward to the updates that are coming soon!
tablet_blackberry|I just got my PlayBook two days ago. So far . . . love it!!! I am super impressed with the graphics and how easy it is to use. The set up was so simple. I connected to BlackBerry Bridge and my home Wi-Fi in just a few simple steps (I have a BlackBerry smart phone). My husband has an iPad and for me, the PlayBook beats it anyday. I love how the internet displays pages just like you would see on your computer. I took a few pictures with my device and the HD is just crisp. As for apps, it has what I need (I use mostly free apps). I love that it is small enough to fit in my purse. I'm still exploring all the features, but like I said, so far I am blown away!The only con so far is that you have to press the power button really hard in order to get it to turn on.UPDATE: I have had my playbook for four months now. I still like it; however, I agree with the complaint of not having many apps available. I have found that App World does not work unless I am connected to my home Wi-Fi. Another problem I have had is that the playbook has frozen a couple times. For this reason, I changed my previous rating of 5 stars to 4. Overall, I would say that it is very convenient being able to tether the internet to my Blackberry phone. As for e-mail, I am able to e-mail pictures and files from my playbook using my yahoo account. I would say that it is a great tablet, just needs more apps available.
tablet_blackberry|Not fair to compare the Playbook to the iPad or Xoom (etc.).In a word, AWESOME. RIM has made some interesting choices (lack of SD card slot; 7-inch, vice 10-inch, etc.), but on the whole, it works and it works marvelously.Not only does the Playbook link to the internet via 3G &/or wireless, it "bridges" to your Blackberry and allows you to keep your BB in your pocket and "work" it from the Playbook environment (by the way, Blackberry owners ARE the target audience, so once again, comparisons to the iPad and Xoom (etc.) are really "apples & oranges").This is a great device and if the media can get past its love of all things iOS and the "RIM has lost the bubble" mantra, the Playbook has a future (especially if RIM can get a 10-inch version to market in the near term; also, I don't dispute that RIM leadership may be suffering "Microsoft malaise," but that's a different discussion - with the Playbook, RIM has hit a home run).No sense in restating what other reviewers have said, so I'll leave it here - if you are a BB user (or contemplating a BB), take a chance and don't believe the media anti-RIM feeding frenzy.
tablet_blackberry|I have owned this tablet for over a month. I have to say, it is a great piece of technology. I do have a blackberry phone and the bridge feature is really great, especially when I am on the road for work and WIFI is not readily available. It let's me basically surf the web from anywhere there is a 3G connection on my phone.- The screen is fantastic! Full 1080p movies on this thing are incredible.- I basically retired my other camcorder- The playbook takes great full HD videos.- Camera is great too.- The web browser is great.. all pages load fully and is fast with my home wifi connection- Battery life is great.. a good 8-10 hours of use without any recharge.- Size is perfect. You can carry it around in your bag, but still feel it is big enough to get the full video experience.Things needed:- Really want skype and kindle apps completed soon.- More Apps - while growing pretty quickly, I would like to see more.The best part, is Blackberry is continually improving the experience. I believe I have had 3 updates since buying it and each update has improved the experience. With all the planned improvements coming in the months ahead, I basically feel it is "future proof" for the next couple of years, at least.
tablet_blackberry|I've had my Playbook now for a couple weeks, and find it to be almost (but not quite) perfect for my use.It's very fast, perfectly tailored for multitasking, and the OS/User interface is designed explicitly for the tablet hardware (not a cell phone or a laptop). I love the bezel gesture system; it allows the screen to be used entirely for apps, meaning no screen space "wasted" on OS buttons/menus/status bars. If you need to see the status bar on the Playbook, you simply swipe down from the corner of the screen bezel and it appears. If you need to access the App's menus, you simply pull down from the top bezel, otherwise it's off screen entirely. Going back to the "home" screen is a simple swipe up from the bottom bezel. Everything is off screen until you need it, and accessing it when you do want it is easy and natural.The size of the tablet is another huge plus for me, as I find smartphone touchscreens just a bit too small to be comfortable, and larger tablets too clumsy to hold and too large to be truly portable.On the negative side, there's still no native SDK (software development kit) for the Playbook, and most current apps are built with Adobe Flash/AIR. There's a definite difference in the quality of the many of the Flash/AIR apps, with many of them being a bit sluggish or feature lacking compared to apps built by RIM or with Webworks. Also, the power button is every bit as bad as you may have heard, being very difficult to press in the best of circumstances. Luckily, you'll almost never have to use it, so it's not a huge issue.My final grade: A-/B+, hopefully becoming a solid A when the NDK comes out and more apps are released.
tablet_blackberry|I've had an iPad for a couple of years so I held off getting Blackberry Playbook as I couldn't see the point in having two tablets. When the price of the Playbook dropped just before Christmas I decided to treat myself and boy, am I glad I did.I loved it so much I decided the 16GB version just wasn't big enough for me and so I went back out the other weekend and treat myself to the 64gb model, so now I have two Playbooks.So, what is so good about the Playbook and why do I prefer it to the iPad.1. It is just so much nicer to use. By comparison the iPad is clunky and bland. Once you get used to the various screen swipes (there are quite a few) you can just breeze from open application to open application, bring up the keyboard, close an app, open an another app. It is all so amazingly easy and so much more enjoyable than than constantly having to press the button at the bottom of the iPad screen numerous times just to do the most basic thing such as swapping from one app to another. On the Playbook what takes several button presses to do on the iPad takes ONE swipe. Brilliant!2. I far prefer the size of the Playbook. The iPad was too big and bulky for me to lug around. I can just pop the playbook in my pocket and hit the coffee shop. It is like like reading a paperback rather than a heavy hardback book.3. he installed apps are pretty much everything I need and more. Unlike the iPad the Playbook comes with a superb word processor, spreadsheet, etc. Yes, there aren't a million apps to download, but do you know what. I've not touched my iPad in weeks and I've not missed one single app on it - not one!4. It is so much easier to add content onto the Playbook. Just plug it in with a USB cable and copy the files from your computer straight onto the device. No need to mess around with iTunes. Just drag the files over, put them wherever you like and the Playbook will do the rest. I add about one hundred albums and dozens of movies and it took me minutes. The same thing with iTunes would have involved selecting all sorts of things, syncing, resyncing, installing the latest update, and blah blah. None of that with the Playbook, which means I'm free of the nasty iTunes.5. You can connect the Playbook to your TV with an HDMI cable that costs a few bucks. Unlike the iPad which requires a special $40 lead that works some of the time, but not all of the time (check out the reviews of it on Amazon and you will see what I mean).6. The screen display is amazing. Just put it next to an iPad 2 and you can see instantly how much better it is. The colors are vibrant, the text is crystal clear, and it is just so darned fast and smooth. Check out the sample HD video that comes with it.That is just six reasons. There are many more.I honestly can't see me ever wanting to go back to the iPad, but I can see me putting the iPad on eBay in the not too distant future.
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|I had originally wanted to get an Ipad but they are way out of my price range and I wanted something that I could easily fit in my purse or pocket to surf the web, blog,edit my writing on the go,access my ebooks and so on. This little item is a fantastic piece of equipment and meets my needs perfectly. It was pretty much turn it on and use it straight away. There was no learning curve or difficulty figuring out how to use it and I am in no way tech savy. The on screen keyboard works well for my needs but I have small hands my boyfriend found it frustrating to use the keyboard as it often triggers the wrong or multiple letters but much of this is mitigated by the word suggestions that pop up as you type. Overall an impressive piece of equipment for an awesome price.
tablet_blackberry|My dad loves his playbook. He already has it linked to his Blackberry. Eventhough we have it more then he does he says thats all he wanted for Christmas and he'll be happy.
tablet_blackberry|The High Definition screen is fantastic, clear as a bell, very sharp, crisp and the videos are unbelievable. The front facing speakers and sound system are excellent. With the PlayBook you can stream music, surf the Internet, download office files and email all at the same time. Battery life is exceptionally great with up to 12 hours or more easily. The browser is fast and I can easily get my email through GMail. A major software upgrade is coming in February and I am already excited by a peek preview of what is to come. There are more than sufficient APPS available from the App Store to satisfy my demands. The Wi-Fi system works great picking up signals wherever you go. The best part about the PlayBook is its size. It fits into a jacket pocket as wel as the pockets of cargo pants. My PlayBook goes wherever I go and I have taken it hiking. The photos from the cameras are also excellent. This is one mother of a piece of technology. I can't say enough good things about it.
tablet_blackberry|I decided on this tablet as a last minute Christmas gift during the fire sale that was offered by a name brand electronics store toward the end of December. Yes I read the reviews about how the tablet was good but wasn't "ready for prime time" blah blah but with competing models running more than twice the cost I figured, why not? You can also read a myriad of critcisim on it suggesting how it can't be any good because of its app shortcomings and you'll need to wait until OS 2.0 for it to be anywhere near competative. Anyone remember waiting for iOS 1.1.5 or even 2.0 on your IPhone to address bugs, push e-mail, etc? Guess that's ok though... sheesh.I've had it now for about a week and have gotten very used to the form and feel of it as a whole. It's solidly built and feels good in your hands. Overall, I'd say RIM has the makings of a huge winner and here's why:Performance - Simply unbelievable. Multi-tasking is flawless. Play an HD video, surf the web, open a few documents, the thing won't skip a beat. The interface is a pleasure to use with bezel gesturing for simple commands. Want to minimize your app? Swipe from the bottom bezel upward through the screen. Want to bring down the options bar? Swipe from the top bezel down. Similar functions for scrolling and moving through apps in multi-tasking mode can be done from the left and right as well. There's also diagonal bezel swiping to bring up things like the keypad, status bar etc. Oh, and these functions are also mirrored whether you hold the tablet in portrait or landscape. Really cool.Graphic diplay - Beautiful. Rich full colors with nice high definition. Love it.Customization - Good but needs a little work. I'm hoping that OS 2.0 will address this. Right now, you can move icons into different pre set categories for 'Games' 'Media' 'Blackberry Bridge' etc. but currently there's no way to setup your own. Really a minor gripe but there it is. There's also no sound customization beeps and boops but I'm not sure that's even a necessity. After all, it doesn't have a ringer does it? Of course, you can change wallpaper and all of the typical stuff that goes with that.Apps - One of the biggest complaints with this has been the lack of apps. They add more by the day on Blackberry App World and with guaranteed Android support in OS 2.0 I have no doubt I'll be downloading a plethora of fart apps in another month or two. Can't wait (sarcasm intended).Compatability - Android coming in OS 2.0, currently supports flash, HTML5, Plays MP3s, WMA, and I'm sure others. Can't comment on video format or other audio format yet as I haven't tried those but I can't imagine that others that might not be supported yet won't be soon.Video - Records in 1080p and outputs the same by micro HDMI to your HDMI TV. Simply awesome. The thing can also mirror its display on your television for a much richer viewing experience.Camera - Dual cameras fore and aft. 5mp rear and 3mp (I think) front. Has a video chat function which I haven't tried yet since currently, it only works with other Playbook users. I understand that there might be third party apps that can be used so that may not be an issue. Pic quality is about what you'd expect. Not that it's bad, it's not, it just isn't that good in low light conditions. I know, what do you expect, right? With a well lit subject, it's fantastic but just a slight low light condition and it gets grainy. The Playbook does not have a camera flash which is a particular gripe of mine. However, since this isn't a primary camera for me or my family, maybe it's not such a concern after all. Still deciding on that one. Camera settings are a little lame too. Auto, Whiteboard, and Sports. There's also a stabilization button but not much else.Form factor - Love, repeat, love the 7" screen. You can put the tablet in your pocket, carry it around with you easily and read text very very well.Bridging - Another criticism of the tablet is that it accuses RIM of only catering to current Blackberry phone owners by not providing native communications software for e-mailing, texting, calendar, etc. I would have to agree with this one and consider this to be RIMs biggest mistake which likely helped lead to poor market sales. I do use a Blackberry so this doesn't affect me but OS 2.0 is supposed to incorporate all of the native ware that everyone is he*l bent on. Speaking on behalf of bridge users everywhere though, I can attest to its genius in that it's seamless and simple to use. Although the software is basically stripped down versions of the apps used on the Blackberry, the fact that you can leave your phone in the kitchen while you hold your office on your lap is a treat. You can also use it to bridge to your Blackberry web browser (more on this in a bit). I do have some gripes about some of the functionality of the bridging apps which are missing key features like spell check or some expected intuitiveness. Overall though, they work very well for what they do.Communication - Another critical issue with reviewers has been that this tablet is only WiFi. Again, since I have a Blackberry, I can tether to the internet through the phone so I have complete internet access when I'm out of Wifi range. No biggie for me. Plus I don't need an extra data plan to use it. Bluetooth A2DP coming in OS 2.0. WiFi good and strong without any dropouts.Battery Life - Don't really know. I'd say with heavy use, maybe 5 hours. Light use more like 10? Either way, seems on par with everything else that's out there.Typing - Good. Responsive and easy to do, just need that spell checky/auto correct thingy and we'll be good to go. OS 2.0Internet experience - Without a doubt, the best. The experience is the same as if you were sitting at your PC. Flash is flashy, HTML5 is HTML5'y. In short it's what mobile (not really mobile anymore) surfing should be like. In fact, it's so good that many apps for missing loaders that people are complaining about become unnecessary since they can just be accessed through direct web experience. Not true of all, but many.Things I'd like to see and, my understanding is most will be addressed in OS 2.0 (due out in February last I heard):- Software improvements to some of the bridge apps to make them a little more intuitive.- A2DP Bluetooth- Android compatibility should open the door up for most apps- Many companies are still loathe to develop apps for the Playbook. Netflix, Pandora, and Goole Maps come to mind. However, they can all be made to work by direct net access or, in the case of Netflix, by streaming to a PC and then your Playbook but the Android issue should address this.- A little more customization of categories, naming icons, avatars, etc. I understand that you'll be able to add quick links to contacts and such in OS 2.0 for instance.In conclusion, I really think RIM has a winner. It's too bad that the tablet has been panned so badly by critics which is partly due to RIMs poor marketing strategy, no native e-mail, early release of a product that likely wasn't quite ready yet and some good ol' fashioned RIM bashing, but I pay less attention to them and rely more on user input instead. Most of the user reviews you read are very positive about this system and for good reason which is what attracted me to it. I can't compare it to other tablets such as the Galaxy or the IPad since I haven't owned either. I've dabbled on the IPad a bit and it seems every bit as rock solid and well thought out. Given the two however the price point speaks loudly. $600 vs. $250? Mmmm, I'm pretty happy with my choice.I ranked this tablet as a 4 star. I have no doubt that when OS 2.0 comes out in February that most of my wants list will be addressed. I'd then have no problem pushing it to 5.
tablet_blackberry|Got for xmas....love it. Wanted a tablet/ipad for awhile but didn't want to shell out too much money. Also wanted to make sure it worked for me and what I wanted it to do. I like and respect the ipad but strongly dislike the lack of compatibility (hdmi, usb) and multitasking (open new tabs easily, have multiple programs running). Apple makes great products, but as an "intermediate tech guy" i want more!!! So looked elsewhere....asus, acer, blackberry because of compatibility.Pros:Size - personally i love the 7", smart phone too small, 10" a lil much. Can put in my jeans back pocket, not a perfect fit, but keyword is fit.Multitasking - awesome. (you can read that as "awesome period"). Really is great. All windows/applications run in the background (option to turn off if desired i.e. window/app will still be up but not running). Swipe and go to the next.Compatibility - acts essentially as an external hard drive. Micro-usb to usb in computer (cord included), click and drag files. Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint on playbook preinstalled!! Adobe for pdfs!! I put all my old notes from college on it to try, perfect, you can open all those file types and edit them (and can have each open in their own windows too!!). Note: playbook doesn't have preinstalled files/folders navigation for some reason, but can get free or $1-2 app's to do this, then just like a comp, open/navigate files/folders.HDMI - honestly haven't tried yet but i'm sure that's fine....should prob check though.Blackberry Bridge - don't have a blackberry phone but if you do, this feature seems cool.Cons:Power button - Small.....but responsive and not that bad. very manageable.Apps - not as expansive as ipad/android but adequate. Note: in feb 2011 android app compatibility is coming to the public (available now if you know what you're doing - demo/test 2.0 version out.....googled it)Apple, Android, and RIM (research in motion, blackberry) are the real tablet choices. All are solid. I went with and am pleased with RIM. Not as big of market share, but they are in it and have a dedicated following to pump out apps and updates. I could go on about how much I enjoy this tablet but I can't add anymore chapters to this novel, even though i'd like too :)Real review. My "educated" opinion/evaluation. It's a cool toy and a practical machine for work.
tablet_blackberry|I would have given this 4.5 stars, but I rounded up for being pleasantly surprised.I purchased mainly for the price (~$250), but after reading some of the negative reviews, I had second thoughts. I went as far as clicking on the Cancel Order button, but decided not to follow thru, because of the warning about the order already being processed. Glad I didn't.I have/had many devices (iPhone, iPad, Samsung Infuse), but the the PlayBook was the most impressive out of the box - namely, because of the fluid navigation and speed of the browser. I'm sure part of my surprise was due to lowered expectations from reading negative reviews, but the PlayBook is a top notch device (or has potential to be).I mention "potential," because the hardware and interface design is outstanding, but, as many have complained, a lack of native email support and limited applications makes this incomplete. Hopefully, the OS v2 will release as planned and the promised features will be there. If it does, I think the PlayBook will be hard to beat.The most impressive feature is the the menu/navigation system. It is unique and very practical. To elaborate, the design allows you to view/utilize 100% of the screen until you invoke more options by swiping from below or above the screen.Negatives (all app related): no Netflix player; no LogMeIn, no native email and no Droid Market (until next OS release in Feb)Positives: hardware; menu/navigation, sound, HD, no iTune-like bloat-ware to manage media (e.g. music, video, pictures)Now that I've experienced the goods, I wish I had paid $50 more for the 32GB version.To be fair, my positive impression is significantly weighed by the promises of the release of OS 2.UPDATE 2012.1.2:PlayBook passes droptest... My son dropped it from about 4 ft onto our ceramic tile floor. Zero damage.
tablet_blackberry|I received my Playbook the day after Christmas. This was my first choice of all the other tablets out there. I use it for work. So the importance of having Word Doc was a must. I really enjoy the tablet. The internet is very fast. I did alot of comparing and researching other tablets. The real competition is not Apple IPad. It's the Blackberry Playbook and Samsung.
tablet_blackberry|I've been wanting a tablet for awhile now, so when the price dropped on this, I instantly bought one. All the haters on this tablet saying that RIM is going out of business or the OS is obsolete almost deterred me. But in the end, I just wanted a tablet to surf the web on, take some impromptu pictures and videos and play some games. I also have a Blackberry (BB) phone so bridging the two was an added benefit for this tablet, but it wasn't essential to my purchasing decision. I've never owned an iPad or Touchpad so I don't know what I'm missing out on in terms of apps, but to me, there are sufficient apps from BB for what I need. Navigating on this tablet is a breeze as is multi-tasking between different apps. I can have a web browser open and next to it my camera and next to that a game. It's actually very cool to minimize an app and still see it working while in a small pane. The product looks very well made and durable and battery life is adequate. Again I don't have it on hours on end so I'm not sure how many hours you'll get from a full charge. The one disappointment I have is that there is no flash for the camera. That's right, you can basically take pictures or videos during the day or with bright lighting only. For the price, I can live with it.
tablet_blackberry|It came on time, and I got gladly surprised when i saw the screen resolution, this tablet it's perfect for listen to music, photos, internet (can support flash), videos i saw them on HD ).I'm waiting for the android aplication, there are not many apps for this OS, anyway still good for my purpouse,Conection with a blackberry smartphone was not what I expected, I think it's very simple... thats why I rate 4 stars
tablet_blackberry|This is just such a marvelous device. So luxuorious and expensive looking and well built.Perfect size to take everywhere. Great for reading books on.The screen is gorgeous and stunning.You get bluetooth, nice front & rear cameras.This tablet is extremely fast and peppy. No lag and real multi-tasking.Works great with my Apple Mac with free Blackberry Desktop Software for transferring music, movies, files.I had a Samsung Galaxy Tablet 7" before this which I sold because it was SO slow. I also have an iPad 2, but I actually use the playbook far more due to the small size and amazingly fast Web browser with Flash.I just love this thing and highly recommend it to you.
tablet_blackberry|i research everything to death. I didn't even realise i wanted a playbook until i saw it on sale at Staples for $250.The build quality, inc the OS is incredible and the functionality with office to go makes this a work device rather than just a toy.Nevermind whats going to happen when OS2 comes out.I have no idea why the uptake has been so slow.Yes, Amazon are bringing out the fire. Im sure a great media device, I love my kindle. But if you want something more capable and usable than an ipad. I cannot recommend this enough.RIM got slated recently. I love my blackberry, sure, it doesn't have the gimmicks of Android but if stable and secure platform, powerful tools and performance not to mention incredible build quality is up your street. Don't follow the crowd.
tablet_blackberry|I'm a big fan of Blackberry phones. I bought a 32gb Playbook right after Thanksgiving. I've wanted a tablet for a long time, but I just couldn't justify spending $400 or $500. When RIM slashed their prices, I jumped on it and I have absolutely no regrets. Previous to purchasing the Playbook I had a Kindle DX, which I used daily, and with the free/low $ books on pixelofink.com, I have a library of over 300 kindle books. After using the Playbook for a couple weeks, I sold my Kindle DX. I read every night before I go to sleep. I would say that the only downside to the Playbook is that I end up surfing the web more than I used to instead of reading. :)I have found the BB Bridge to be really nice. I mostly use it to check my email, but the browser works fine for surfing, too. The bridge was one of the reason I decided on the PB. Since I'm a BB phone owner, I can surf the web, etc, without buying another data plan for the tablet. I've never used the tethering. For those not familiar, the bridge is very easy to use by just downloading the software to your BB phone and then pairing the phone and tablet via bluetooth.The display is really wonderful, great colors and very sharp. The speakers, surprisingly, are also great. I really like to listen to music while I read or surf, so the quality of the speakers is a big plus. There are several nice apps for streaming music on Appworld, many free.Several people mentioned that, as of now, there's no Kindle App, which is true. I chose to use the Kindle Cloud reader. It's not quite as full featured as the Kindle App on my Blackberry phone, or my former Kindle DX, but I'm happy with it. Plus, with the new OS in Feb, we are supposed to have access to the Android apps, which includes one for Kindle.I like to go on Facebook on the PB. I don't use the supplied app, instead I just use the browser. With that it looks just like you'd see on your computer, and I like it better than the app.I've not experienced any problems or complaints with my battery. I like to have the cradle in the kitchen or my office, and then I can stream some really nice music while I work. BTW, I bought my PB as a bundle, and it included the 32gb PB, rapid charger and the cradle charge and convertible case. The accessories are all oem. The case is really nice because it protects the PB, and surprisingly I use all three of the chargers.
tablet_blackberry|i received my playbook for christmas and have not been able to put it down since. this tablet is absolutely amazing. it was orderd directly from the blackberry websight. the model i received has a greatly improved power button! maybe they have addressed the problem already and are shipping tablets with the new design. instead of being completly flush with the body mine is now raised up slightly. it makes a huge difference. much easier to press than before. not an issue at all now. i tried to tether my cell phone to the tablet but it doesnt work. the only way i know of is to have a blackberry phone. it doesnt recognize my phone via bluetooth either. it paired with my phone just fine but you cant connect it at all. what you can do though is transfer files from your computer directly to the tablet using wifi. it is very cool. no usb cable required. the gesture user interface on the playbook is awesome and very user friendly. web pages load very quickly and look great thanks to the beautiful display. the speakers on the playbook are REALLY loud. best sound i have heard on any tablet. i have tried just about every tablet on the market and the playbook is one of the best there is. more apps are coming soon including android. most of the other android tablets are just that, android tablets. i have android on my phone. they are just big cell phones as far as im concerned. the playbook has a completly different, unique approach to launching apps than anyone else. there is nothing better than the playbook.
tablet_blackberry|One of the best Tablets out right now. The multi-tasking performance is quick and smooth. Love the blackberry bridge feature.Very responsive OS.Powerful Dual-Core 1GHz Processor.A large 1GB DRam memory.10hrs of Battery Life which is similar to other tablets.Native Flash/HTML5 support (iPad 1&2 lack) for fluid rich graphics.Massive OS Update coming in Feb 2012 - To include Android support, OS2 update and much more.Video Chat (for free) with other Playbook owners regardless where you live.Super fast Bluetooth, WIFI, Teathering and more.Loads of Apps to choose from, with many more once Android support gets enabled.1080P Hi Def front and rear camera video. Record in stunning 1920 x 1080p video.Micro HDMI out for big screen HD Gaming and Movie Watching.A lot more.....Currently the Playbook is the best tablet in the market hands down. The Playbook outperforms the iPad 1/2, Kindle Fire along with many other Android based tablets. And now with it's low price tag, its a steal of a deal.Buy one or more, you will be happy...I bought 2 of these and its great.
tablet_blackberry|Confession: Bought PB 16GB without looking into specs or reviews just going by the price tag and experience so far with my BB 8520Overall Satisfaction: Very Very Good.PB First look: Exceptional. Holds and feels amazing. Saying this after having held most of the tabs. Xoom was bad. Feels heavier than other 10" tabs, over-heated and not so good build quality. Galaxy, didn't enjoy the touchpad. Feels a generation behind iPad. iBall slide, don't even want to talk about it. Reliance tab little better than Slide but way inferior to PB/iPad. My bro has a 7" Galaxy even that is below par against PB and iPad. So as you know if I ever would have bought a tab it would have been ipad or BB. Unknowingly I made the right decision for the price cut.THE GOODScreen Size: Wow. This came in as a huge surprise for me. Did I think 7" tab would be better? No. Never. Bigger the better - is usually the thing for me. Not this time. After using for 2 days and ipad for a similar duration. 7" is the RIGHT size. At least for me. Just enough. 10" is way bigScreen Clarity: Awesome. You can't beat iPad for that. So I would put this next best to it. Feels very good. Nice and bright. Good colors, clarity. Loved the pictures and HD video sample. Waiting to watch HD movies on PBTouch screen & keyboard: I wasn't a touch screen fan until PB. Works so very well for me on this device. Very very cool. Works better for me than an iPad.Web browsing: Fast and furious. Works on any site I threw at it. Unlike ipad or galaxySetup: Easiest ever I had to. Believe me. Including the BB bridging from Curve 8520 took just 10 mins. Yeah the 1st boot required a 357MB auto update but amazingly downloading is very fast on PB. Never the felt the same on my Laptop. Especially the apps from AppWorld installed way fast!BB Bridging: Works like cream. Efficient and productive.Wifi: Works as good as on your laptop if not better.Speakers: Very good for a tablet. Front facing and crisp musicOS: The best you can get. I am loving QNX. Very fast, responsive and nimble. Better than Android and iOS. Little unstable with a few app crashes when lots is loaded but I think it would resolve with future updates.THE OKCamera/Video: Yet to click outdoors. Indoors morning was ok. Not a digi cam replacement. Night indoors/outdoors was bad. So I might move this to bad category based on how it pans out in outdoors in day. My guess is it would be ok as my wifey's mobile is good at that as wellTethering: I have a EDGE on 8520. It is slow on my phone too. But via PB it was a little bad. Hits and misses. Don't know where the problem is. My guess it is a s/w issue.BB Phone Browser: Out of the box. No extra setup. Works alright. Yet to play more with it.THE BADApps: No email app. No Kindle app. Damn not even a twitter, gmail and yahoo app. I am not a apps geek. or a heavy user. So it's kind of ok for me. It has an FB app and some decent other apps. I see the app store growing though. Once Android player is out, it will be better. But who knows if it ever will. So if you are an app junkie. BE CAUTIOUSYET TO TRY: Battery life
tablet_blackberry|I know there are alot of reviews out there about the drawbacks of this device, but they are completely wrong and biased. This is hands down the best tablet on the market today. Just check out the specs on a number of websites an you'll see I'm right. It is on equal ground with the IPAD in most respects and outperforms it in many others. Now, there are a few things that RIM(Blackberry) failed to incorporate into this tablet... ie.. dedicated mail server, access to the android market place and a few other minor issues, but RIM is in the process of fixing those few drawbacks. As of now, it will hace the update out Feb. of 2012. And besides, the mail issue is not that big of a deal, there is already a preloaded link to Yahoo, Gmail and AOL mail and it takes me about 5 seconds to access any of my email accounts. Give RIM a chance to fix the minor issues and this will be your favorite tablet. Oh, the size is a personal preference matter. I like the smaller more portable aspect of the playbook, I can take it anywhere without it being a hinderence.
tablet_blackberry|I didn't want a 10 inch tablet, as my wife has an ipad2, and carrying it around is much like carrying my 14 inch hp laptop, minus the brick charger. I purchased a 16gb model two weeks ago locally for 349.00, including a prepaid visa card rebate worth 100.00, net price 249.00. The view is very crisp and clear, it is responsive and easy to learn, and surfs the internet very well. I found using the docs to go apps very useful, and uploading a doc to the box app was easy to do as well. I am patiently awaiting the upgrade to the operating system, primarily to use the droid app player. Overall, it is a great tablet for the price.
tablet_blackberry|Just got the playbook and after the first day of usage had these issues; I also have an iPod touch. Like the size and weight. Just have the overall impression that the software is not quite finished yet. After all it is version 1, when the iPad OS is at version 5 and it shows. Scrolling a webpage up or down makes the page move horizontally as well, there is no inbuilt email program only webmail through the browser. The browser does not store or have a password manager and there does not seem to be a 3rd party solution at this stage either which means you have to enter your username and password every time you visit a site that requires you to do this, very annoying.That the browser supports FLASH is great, but when you zoom in onto a page with flash the quality of the flash becomes very low res, fuzzy and distorted, type looks awful when it is vector based and should look great. Flash look worse than images when zoomed in, this must have to do with the way flash has been implemented?You cannot add more tabs to the home menu and overall customisation is very limited, guess that will improve with future OS updates. Seen that there is a beta to run Android apps, which would be good as there not that many apps out for the playbook, no Skype etc.I guess once the OS gets updated, to have a password manager, better scrolling and touch responses (sometimes clicks are just ignored) better sharper flash it will all be better, but by then Apple might have released a 7'' iPad with Retina display ;-)
tablet_blackberry|As a satisfied user of several Blackberry phones, I was delighted when the Playbook was announced. It was marketed as an extension and a major enhancement of my Blackberry Torch phone. My primary use was to be as a business tool.When the Playbook finally did come out, Amazon did not have it in stock. So I purchased the 64GB model thru Blackberry's web site, www.shopblackberry.com. I regret every day not waiting to purchase it from Amazon, because the Blackberry site will NOT accept the Playbook for a refund once you opened the package.The Playbook has a very comfortable form factor. The build quality seems to be very high, and the video hardware is great, as evidenced by the resolution of the sample video clip.Unfortunately, the Playbook was prematurely released to market, considering that it is new hardware and a new operating system. Using it feels like I'm in an "alpha" test phase, not even "beta". My experience has been very disappointing. Suggest you visit the support forums at www.blackberry.com and www.crackberry.com to get detailed information about the Playbook. There are literally thousands of postings about Playbook's problems and serious usability limitations.The PlayBook does not meet my minimum requirements as a business tool for the following major reasons:1) The touch screen freezes randomly.2) The unit "locked up" three times, requiring a hard reset, which wiped out data.3) Missing many essential computer functions and commands, just two examples: a)Can not open e-mail attachments. b)Lacks a functioning file system.4) Very few solid, useful applications available.5) Not reliable running commands, functions and applications - sometimes they just do not run.6) Will not sync up to about half of the 23 public, unsecured Wi-Fi hot spots I tried.7) Short battery life, drains power even when turned off.
tablet_blackberry|What a great tablet. Let me break it down and explainPROsSIZE: The 7" form factor is great, it is highly portable. I havent left it at home really since i got it. i'm not one to walk with a big bag, so this is great to drop into your purse or jacket/pants pockets (if you're a guy) It is very solid. So it's great for reading books as well.GESTURES: the playbook uses gestures to turn it on, change applications, and so on.. as there are no buttons on it except for the power and volume buttons. This has to be my FAVOURITE feature.. so ingenious! I own an ipod touch, now i find myself swiping on that screen. lolTRUE MULTITASKER: beauty about this tablet, you can run one application and simply swipe across to get to the other without stopping the first one.. pretty cool. I havent seen any lag on it, i have gotten up to 9 applications going at the same time and it still didnt slow down.BRIDGE: If you own a Blackberry smartphone, it will skyrocket the PB into more awesomeness. With the Bridge function, you can connect your phone with the playbook and use the phone's data plan to surf the internet on the playbook. Big help if there's no wifi around. You can also see a lot of information that's on the phone on the playbook. you can use BB messenger, memopad, calendar, messages (emails) on the playbook.FULL BROWSER WITH FLASH SUPPORT: when browsing, all flash material comes through just like you would on a computer. My mother is able to even check her farmville on it when she's in bed. Though it is laggy, but it will do the job.MEDIA- CAMERA: 3 MP forward facing, 5 MP rear; both capture Full HD 1080p video. you can get some beautiful photos and video. the mics are crisp and clear and loud.- SPEAKERS: 2 speakers on top of either ends of the tablet. They are nice and loud.- DISPLAY: 1024 x 600-pixel resolution. for the size of the tablet, videos looks great. very sharp and crispFUTURE OS: I'm pretty sure BB10 operating system will come to the playbook which will just make the playbook a whole new device again... as i witnessed with Playbook OS 2.0CONS:APPS: In truth, the Blackberry Appworld doesnt have a big apps market like the others have. But many times, the browser does well to access the website. (other tablets create apps because they dont have the flash support and isnt able to use the full website on it)There is no Netflix nor Skype app available, though there are apps that try to get around that. As far as i know, Netflix will not get to the Playbook neither. These dont affect me much because i dont have a netflix subscription and i dont use Skype.Some apps on the PB also tend to be a bit more pricey in comparison. The appstore is growing though so this con may do a turnaround at some point.WEIGHT: For it's size, it's kinda heavy and you can feel it in your hands after a bit. (especially when reading)Overall, I love the PB, i find more uses for it everyday. I find most people who complain about and sully the good name of the playbook didnt do their research... Take heed of what you're buying.. because if you want netflix and skype and a bunch of apps...dont get it and begin to complain that it doesnt have it.
tablet_blackberry|At $499, the BB playbook is a total rip off! But at $199, you should definitely buy it. Why?PROS:1) The screen is superb. Good resolution with nice bright colors2) The camera is good as well, both front and back3) It is gesture-based and quite cool for me who is used to android and ios only4) It looks great, how it minimizes its apps. Makes it easy to transition between apps.5) The body has a nice solid-feel. The matte texture feel of the back is nice too6) Has decent preinstalled apps/gamesCONS:1) Limited apps/games. Most apps are paid, very few ones are free2) Camera has no flash (but not a big deal for me)3) No native twitter app. Browser only4) The bezel is just too thick for my taste but I can get over it5) Hangs once in a while and had to reboot to get it working6) Reboot time is quite long, a lot longer than android/iosIn conclusion, despite having equal number of pros and cons, this is still a great buy and I still recommend it for those who wants to use they tabs for social media, videos and emails. But if you're a gamer, might not be the perfect tablet for you. But if you're quite a techie, you can install an android emulator for android games to work on it. I'm afraid to do that, so I'm not taking the risk.
tablet_blackberry|I have tried a lot of other tablets - including the iPad, Acer Iconia 200 and 500, Toshiba Thrive and Nook Color and Tablet - and the Playbook is, by far, the best at showing Flash videos from Web sites. (The iPad plays some videos very well, but doesn't play Flash at all). The sound on the Playbook is also outstanding. If you're looking for a lot of apps, the Playbook isn't for you. Once the new operating system comes out, that should improve, but my main interest in a tablet is the ability to handle Flash and the Playbook is a winner!UPDATE ON 2/23/12: With the new OS2, the e-mail and calendar functions are very useful. Very few worthwhile Android apps added so far (actually none that I care about). My biggest complaint is that you can't edit or sort the browser bookmarks, but there is a workaround. That's by no means a deal breaker. I still think the Playbook is really good. Hopefully, it will continue to get better (future updates).
tablet_blackberry|Playbook is by far the best tablet money can buy. I am enjoying this more than anything else I can think of. I have used many different tablets but nothing comes close to Playbook in terms of screen clarity, ease of use and multitasking. I think gesture driven UI is the way forward. It is very easy to hold and a pleasure to use.
tablet_blackberry|What most of the know it all tech sites wont tell you is that this little Blackberry tablet is a monster. One of the few tablets that supports flash, soon to have full integration of Android Marketplace and also with the Os 2 update, Remote Control with a Blackberry phone. Too many features to list. Do not believe all the ibiased lies. Get one, you will be totally impressed! :)
tablet_blackberry|Let me start by saying that i don't understand why people continue to bash the playbook...Its an awesome little device. This thing can handle anything thats thrown at it. The drag and drop via wifi is pretty awesome. Files, pics, videos can be easily added/removed. There isn't a proprietary format or program (iTunes) that everything needs to go through, which is a major bonus, no need to sync! Also the complaint about native email...really, do we need to check the same email 3 times...One on your pc, one on your smartphone and now you want ability to open it on the playbook. Im fine with no native email on the playbook. I use my playbook for a portable little media device where i can show pics/videos of the kids, surf the net, read a book and play a game here and there. If your looking for ability to do everything you can do on your desktop they have a device for that...its called a laptop! The whole purpose for being so small is portability or on the go, you load your items onto the playbook, you take what you need...just like packing a suitcase. Now for the apps...I have an iPhone that i have purchased 75-100 apps for...i used all of them when i first got them but now i use less than 5% of them. App world is limited with their selection but there are plenty of apps that will interest everyone. Now for the price...at $500 i would not have purchased the 16g playbook...BUT for $199 its a good deal! I could buy 2 1/2 16g playbooks for the same price as one 16g iPad..Is the iPad really that much better or do people just like saying "i have an iPad" to fit in with the rest of the people who overpaid for a portable device, which really isn't any smaller than a laptop!
tablet_blackberry|I need to take issue with anyone who purchased a Playbook and has complained about the apps. Yes, as of today it doesn't have as many as the other platforms but when QNX is updated in Feb 2012 to version 2.0 (as announced by Blackberry) it will run android apps giving it a library greater than Android. It's important to remember that Blackberry has already launched in beta Ver 2.0 where developers today are porting 100's if not 1,000's of apps so it's only a matter of time.Having said that, the apps which I have downloaded are PC style games which are far superior than anything my wife has on her i-pad. Along with this Blackberry has on the Playbook, excel, word, etc. making it a great work tool. I also took a HD video of my kids with the Playbook and uploaded it to Facebook, something which can't be done with the Kindle or the i-pad.If you purchase this product feel comfortable the apps will come. If you need Kindle today and can't wait until Feb 2012 then purchase the Kindle reader, but you will be sorely disappointed with it's functionality vs the Playbook.Enjoy.
tablet_blackberry|This thing really enhances my mobile ability since my company does only allows blackberry devicesThe bridge apps are pretty,but still lacking major components like cut and paste and any type of intelligent typing auto correctThe ability to see presentations and jump on the web without lugging my work laptop around is great especially running in between meetingsOnce BB keeps advancing the software and adding in the little functions that make using my iPhone so easy,the dual core powerhouse has a bright futureOh, I wrote this on a playbook. Without autocorrect and auto caps, and with the funky curser control it took me a bit longer than an ipad. needs work
tablet_blackberry|About me: I have a BB Tour on Verizon. I was looking for a tablet that allowed for productivity, but also had uses for when I had free time around the house or when traveling. I will try to edit this review as software updates come out or as new apps are introduced.Pro's:1. Screen. The resolution is brilliant. I've been watching music videos (via the built-in Vevo app and youtube) and movies (via Amazon prime) on it and am constantly impressed with the clarity. Someone asked me if the screen was too small for movies to which I replied, "No, but if it were I'd just watch it on my 73" plasma."2. Internet. This is one of the selling points for RIM: the internet as it was made to be seen. Every web site comes up exactly as it would on your desktop. I like it.3. Interface. Another user pointed out that the interface wasn't as user friendly as it could be. Perhaps. I just fiddled around with it for about 20 minutes and I was set. The interface is smooth, responsive, and a pleasure to work with. Also, the OS is FAST. I regularly have 4-5 applications open at once (usually youtube playing in the background while editing a document +/- various webpages open that I frequent often i.e. cnn, amazon, cnet).4. Size. This tablet is just the right size. You can view documents, the internet, and read books on it easily. Editing documents gets a little tight on landscape with the keyboard, but it's manageable. As others have mentioned, it has a very sturdy feel to it. It's built to last.5. Camera. Outstanding resolution on the camera. If you know someone else with a playbook, the video chat quality is superb. When I video with others who have an iPad I use the ReelPortal app and that works great. Would be great if you could use the native BB video program with non-playbook users.6. BB Bridge. Huge advantage being able to connect to the internet when there is no wi-fi service available. As Borat would undoubtedly say, "Very nice."Con's:1. Apps. In terms of productivity, this tablet is set. You have document, excel, and ppt editing ability with adobe there to view your pdf's. Where this tablet falls short is the entertainment aspect. Where is the Netflix, Kindle, Hulu apps? Yes, this tablet is built for productivity, but all work and no play makes Jack an iPad buyer. I'm sure these apps are on the way, but for now it's frustrating without those "essential" additions.2. Power button. Yes, it is difficult to reach. 99% of the time I put the tablet in standby mode, so all you have to do is swipe the screen and it turns on. If you do turn it off, don't say I didn't warn you. But really, not a real reason not to love this tablet.3. No native calendar, contacts, or email. Nothing I cared about too much given the bridge feature. However, if you don't have a BB, something you'd want to seriously consider. I'm willing to bet in the next software update they'll add those features.Summary: For those who have a BB and would like a tablet for productivity more so than entertainment (at least for the moment), this tablet is the one. It's fast, beautiful, and fun. I love it!
tablet_blackberry|I was considering between a tablet and a new laptop, mainly for surfing the net. I seriously considered the Ipad, but decided not to buy one because of its lack of support for flash, and its metal back cover is a bit slippery to hold. So I decided to buy the playbook. The playbook appears to be solid. Its size makes it ideal for me to put it in my backpack, and not worrying about breaking it. Also it feels solid to hold, and its size makes it very easy to thumb type. By the way, I'm lying in bed right now while typing this review on my playbook. Of course the biggest thing is flash. I have to admit that when I first got it, the browser was a bit choppy. I couldn't go on a few websites (flash and non-flash). But after the latest update (last week), the browser has been awesome. I have not had experienced any difficulty with any website at all. Sometimes it's difficult to click on a link (because it's too small) and I have to zoom in to do it accurately. But the zoom function is so smooth and works so well that it doesn't bother me that much.A few extra features that I really like are tethering and HDMI. Currently Playbook only has Wifi. But I can tether it to my blackberry and still have the data on the go, without paying extra. Also, you can output the screen to your TV using the HDMI port to watch movies. It also has a dual mode where you can continue to watch movie on your TV, at the same time you can open the browser in your playbook or other app. It's really impressive. Oh, and the UI is really sleek.I read so many reviews before deciding to buy the Playbook. Most of the negatives do not apply to me. First of all, the lack of app. I'm not a big fan of useless app. The app store has a few fun games that I downloaded and play a few times. But I haven't run them for a long time. Another one is the lack of email software. I have my phone for that. Besides, you can go to Gmail or hotmail or yahoo mail websites (if you have them) and do your email there. And I heard they will release the software sometime this summer, if that's what you want.
tablet_blackberry|This is my first tablet, I am an engineer working in a pretty professional environment, just to let you know about me. I like my gadgets, have too many, but have slowed down on Gadget Acquisition greatly in the past decade. My wife has an iPad 2, so those are the only two tablets I have much experience with.I love the Playbook. For me it far exceeds the iPad in just almost every way. I like the smaller form, I can carry it all over, hold it with one hand and use it that way. My wife (and I honestly) get a tired wrist pretty quick trying to hold the iPad with one hand and use it with the other. I have the 64Gig set up and paid hundreds less than my wife's 16GB Apple. The OS on the playbook seems far superior in most ways over the Apple. It just feels better, looks better. The build quality is great, as is the Apple's. The screen is better (don't know about the New iPad), the swiping motions just feel more natural. I like the browser on the Playbook better and it integrates well with my work functions and BB phone (which I can use to bridge my Playbook and phone to have internet access when on the road, at no additional cost). I can set up the Playbook to connect wirelessly to my PC to transfer files and videos easily. Overall for my 40% work, 60% personal use it is a brilliant unit. Trust me, I am not much of a RIM fan, never wanted a BB phone, but work provides it for free, and I am not that thrilled with my phone vs my wife's iPhone. So when I say it just works better and more smoothly, it's not Rah Rah RIM guy.The beef on not enough apps....personally I don't get it. Yes Apple has over 500,000. So what, you will use 0.1% of them. The playbook has just about everything I have ever looked for in an app, nothing I want I don't have and some are pretty amazing. So maybe the choices are a bit more limited, but it has never affected my ability to use it. The only two things I would slightly like are Netflix (which I cut way back on when they upped their price last year) and Word With Frineds (which I play on my iPod, but wish worked better on my Playbook running through FB). So if those define your use criteria, than maybe the PB is not for you.Now there are just some things the iPad is better at. 10-inches is just more. Some web surfing is easier to read and push links, no question about it. And reading technical PDF's is a bit better, so yes, some things the iPad are better at clearly. My wife prefers the iPad, but she has the phone and the iPad is very similar, so she is comfortable with it. Honestly, both are nice units, it's up to the person to determine his needs and budget. I tell my friends the PB is like a mini computer and the iPad is like a giant iPhone. All I can say is I made the right choice and having 64GB at this price is a steal, already my wife is having to make decisions on what to put on the tablet and what to keep on her phone only due to storage size. If hesitating due to the feeling that it is a crippled tablet, or does not run well, or has Zero useful apps, you can dispel those thoughts. If you like your iPhone, want to use a tablet more as a fun giant iPhone, have lots more money and don't mind the extra size and weight, than go with the iPad. Honestly, kinda glad my household has both, but if we lost them both, I would get the PB again in a heartbeat.
tablet_blackberry|Let's be clear: I hate my Blackberry smartphone so bad that my work provides me that I pay for an extra plan so I can have an iPhone. I love my iPad and am totally hooked to it. However, I have to give credit where credit is due and the Playbook is awesome. At first I was aghast at the lack of apps, but I can surf the web so much better than i can with my iPad. I can even use adobe flash player. If you have full access to the web, then It's surprising how many fewer apps you need. Also, they are adding apps at a tremendous rate. Every day I see new major updates to the app store.It also is fantastic at email. It has an auto type tool that makes it so you barely have to type at all. Also, spellcheck is pretty good.The size is perfect. The iPad is way too big. The screen resolution is crystal clear, the battery life is great and the speakers blow me away.The huge, major, and debilitating drawback is the on/off switch. What were they thinking. I think C-Net called it right on when they said "It's a case study in bad design." agreed. My five year old cant even turn it on. This tablet is not for kids.
tablet_blackberry|I recently bought this tablet. Looking at all the negative reviews, i didn't expect it to meet my expectations (i own a thrive ) but to my surprise, this one is a nice tablet.Nice things about it:HardwarePortabilityHD QualityTopnotch sound qualityEasy to setupThe adapter comes with international socket option (Even though this is easy to find for other tablets i think the dual socket option is pretty cool in this case)And the bad ones:Lack of AppsFor its sale price of less than 200$, you can definitely purchase this tablet. With all the updates expected in Feb 2012, this will definitely be one of the best tablet in the market.
tablet_blackberry|got it @ best buy for $199. i really enjoyed this more than the ipad and the galaxy tablets. the QNX software is wonderful. the touch screen is very responsive and fluid. you really get to personalize alot of settings to meet your needs. And bb bridge...wow! bridge allows you to view/edit everything on your bb phone in a large screen. glad i got it at such a great price.
tablet_blackberry|The perfect tablet. Fits in a purse, high quality video, web surfing like a computer, syncs with blackberry phone for internet (except ATT), looks and feels great.RIM if you want to sell a tablet, it should be compatible with skype. Only an idiot would put a tablet on the market that doesn't work with skype. This is a deal breaker for most. However it is a great gadget for those who don't use skype.
tablet_blackberry|I got this a few weeks ago because of the fire sale for 199. Great price awesome product. The playbook feels very sturdy and strong (wont easily break) its OS is very fast, quick and responsive. the browser is one of the best with amazing flash integration. It can play amazon prime video streaming in HD no problem. Multitasking is great also but at time can lose your browser tabs and must be reloaded (maybe more ram is needed) The Gps doesn't always work (must restart playbook) but that is likely an OS issue which will probably be resolved in Playbook OS 2.0 The lack os Apps is frustrating but like mentioned OS 2.0 will likely include an android app player resolving the issue. The lack of integrated email app is a bit frustrating but email through the web works just as well on it as on a p.cAll in all a great product but can be better and will be after OS 2.0 (hopefully) for the price of 199 AMAZING little tablet and can honestly run circles around a kindel fire and a nook tablet. Its faster more responsive and the UI is just amazing
tablet_blackberry|The Playbook is unlike any other product you've tried with the brand "BlackBerry" on it. I also own a BlackBerry Torch 9800 smartphone which uses OS6 and the Tablet operating system on the Playbook is light years ahead of that one. In other words, if you're interested in this tablet but don't like the way BlackBerry phones operate; fear not: this thing is slick, modern, and smart.The hardware design is extremely simple. There are only 4 buttons to be found on the entire device: volume up and down, pause/play, and power. Everything else is done via touchscreen or the surrounding bezel (also tilt sensing for some games.) There are a pair of very excellent cameras that can both shoot HD video and on the bottom are your micro HDMI and mini USB ports. The overall feel of the device in your hand is light and well-balanced, enough so that holding it in one hand for extended periods of time is tolerable.The user interfase is terrific on this device. Gone is the cluminess of the phone operating system. Everything is done with swiping, tapping, and gesturing. It is extremely easy to learn how to navigate the system because everything you do feels basically natural. Pulling up apps and menus is simple and fun. Typing on the touch screen is fluid and very responsive. The 1ghz dual core processor definitely does its job well on this device; handling multiple applications seamlessly.The Playbook got hammered by reviewers upon its release and for good reason, several of which exsist to the time of this writing. We still await the much touted "Playbook 2.0" software update that is scheduled to bring BBM, native e-mail, native calendar, and android apps, among other items, around February 2012. The limited selection of available applications is part of the reason that Playbook doesn't enjoy more market share. While it pales in comparison to competition like iPad, the appworld selection has come a very long way since the launch. I found most of what I was looking for although it was disappointing to not have netflix, kindle, or pandora apps. Hopefully those will be added soon.With pros and cons weighed it is easy to recommend the BlackBerry Playbook at it's current Amazon prices. Rumors are that the $199, $299, and $399 prices will be coming back in late December and this device is worth every bit of that and more. Even if you despise BlackBerry smartphones, the Playbook is a different animal. Give it a try!
tablet_blackberry|I purchased the 64GB version over Thanksgiving and have not put it down. When one examines all the (seemingly negative) press about this tablet, it's obvious that the negatives are based in RIM's marketing efforts, rather than any particular technology shortcoming of the tablet. Admittedly, the OS software on this tablet is still a work in progress, but is way better than what Apple released on its first iPad. I'll also agree that it will work much better for you if you already have a BB phone, as it's software is designed to pair with your phone over Bluetooth and share your email, contacts, to-do list, Messenger, etc. Reports that these apps are missing from the Playbook are simply false. These applications magically reveal themselves as soon as the Playbook has a link with your BB phone (I'm using a Torch 9810.)From a technical perspective, the Playbook is top notch. Its build quality, combined with the true multitasking of its QNX OS, makes it physically and technically competitive, if not outright superior, to any other tablet out there, iPad included. Speaking of iPad, I'm not against them, as I own an iPad-2 as well. I also own five (5) Mac computers, and most in my family have iPhones. I'm also a professional software engineer and have been programming on Unix systems for over 25 years, and on Apple's Mac systems for the past 4 years. So believe me, I'm not an Apple basher. But I'd put this little guy up against an iPad any day on the technical merits and just plain old day-to-day usability.And that brings up my last point. The thing that really grabs my attention is that it's more portable, and therefore more useable than the iPad. Agreed, the iPad has a bigger screen for surfing the net, but if your iPad is staying at home because it's "just a bit to big to carry around," what good is it? I'll be surfing with my 7" Playbook while you're having to zoom in/out on the tiny screen of your smart phone just to tap a link. The Playbook will obviously do WiFi, but it will also do Bluetooth tether surfing via your smart phone's internet plan. I've never had a problem connecting to any open Wi-Fi system (including iPhone mobile hotspots), nor have I had any problems connecting to the Internet via my BB Torch.So far, in the two weeks that I've had my Playbook I've worked it pretty hard and it's hasn't sputtered, coughed, or missed a lick. I would recommend the Blurex case ([...]) and the Blackberry desktop charging stand [...]). The good thing about the Blurex case is that you can put the Playbook on the charging stand without having to remove it. I use an alarm clock app and place the Playbook on the charging stand at night. That way I have a good (battery backed) alarm clock that is also fully charged and ready to go in the mornings.
tablet_blackberry|ok not perfect but when you consider that you could buy 2 of theses for less than 1 Ipad2 it really is a no brainer to me and i'm a die hard apple user with a macbook pro. i admit it's smaller and doesn't do the web as well as a notebook , but are people really using these instead of a note book or desktop? i think that Blackberry would have done better to promote this geared more toward recreational use than as a business machine. the only real disappointment for me was the lack of an email client. it's coming in the first upgrade though so relax. i think as an easy take along it is just right. teens should eat this up once it supports android apps as it runs games and video very very well. easy to learn operating system. all in all i think it is a super deal at $199.update:PROSafter 4 days of use i'm really liking the playbook. i was able to download some books from amazon and store them in the amazon cloud. then i made a bookmark to the cloud and it is just like having a kindle app. goes directly to my library. sweet!!!! their cloud works wonderfully.the video demos in the playbook help section are great. you can see how to use anything on the playbook with very easy to understand demos.the size is just perfect and even web browsing is better than i first thought now that i have had time to try it more. it's quick loading webpages too.i have used this almost non stop in my spare time the last few days and i really haven't had a single problem or been confused about how something works in the OS. everything works and runs smoothly.the very small power button sucks, but you know what? i find no need to use it. you can put it into standby from the display by tapping the battery icon. you can also reboot from the icon if necessary. if you are using this all the time it's easier to just turn it off when it won't be used for a while.the sound is really really good from a device this size.Itunes music can be loaded from your pc using the free blackberry desktop manager.can be set up to transfer files via wifi from your pc or mac.seems that the battery life is very good.CONS:of course no email client, address book ect...... can't wait for that upgrade as it will really complete an OS that is very good.the apps run out real close to the edge of the display and it is easy to open one when you are actually trying to scroll them up or down.it would be nice to be able to create more areas for storage other than just all, favorites, media, and games. maybe you can but i haven't seen anything suggesting you can. it is just a tablet though, i keep forgetting that as it can really do most of what a notebook can.i'll add more as i use it more.
tablet_blackberry|I bought this the day it released and have loved it from the first minute. Do NOT take this tablet lightly. EA and Gameloft have got on board as developers and have some GREAT games available if you like games. There are some great free apps for business. Everything you could want in a tablet and more. The size of the PlayBook is perfect too. I take it everywhere I go. I also have a 9810 that I use to bridge my playbook for that extra push to make PlayBook the BEST tablet out.
tablet_blackberry|Best Buy already has it at $299, when will amazon follow suit?It is still to expensive for a 16gb version and not a market leader
tablet_blackberry|Never thought I'd of bought a tablet, I've had this Blackberry Playbook for about 5 months now and am still as in love with it as I was the day I got it. My brother has the Galaxy tab 7 and his wife has the Ipad. I love all 3 devices. I'm very happy I ended up with the Playbook though. All 3 of us use our tablets for primarily internet surfing, which is what I would assume most people use their tablets for. The web browser on the Playbook outstrips the other 2 tremendously. There's nothing wrong with the browsers on the other 2 devices, its just that the playbook browser works better and faster. We all spent a week at the beach not too long ago and anytime one of them wanted to play with the tablet they'd pick mine up if I wasn't using it. Was quite funny.Would recommend this device to anyone. I didn't have a blackberry phone to pair up and still loved the thing. I recently went from a Droid Thunderbolt to the Blackberry Bold 9930 with Verizon and I love that phone as well, but pairing the 2 up gets me free internet on the tablet using the data package I'm already paying for once on my phone with Verizon. Amazing.P.S. amazon.com works great on this thing, In fact I typed this whole message using the Playbook!
tablet_blackberry|First, let's clear the air. No tablet is a computer although some, like the Acer Iconia W500, do come close; however, the Playbook falls into the leisure category and is no a computer by any stretch of the definition.As such, I'm not going to compare it to computers as that's unfair. Like the vast majority of tablets the Playbook uses apps, not programs, and there is a world of difference.Now for the nitty-gritty:What You Get:The box comes with the unit, a suede like pouch (which, truthfully, provides zero protection), a wall charger, a mini USB to USB connector for file transfers and trickle charging, instructions and a cleaning cloth.That's all folks.Looks:You've undoubtedly already read the measurement and weight specs so we'll dispense with that. From an aesthetic standpoint it's a much better design than most with a glass front bordered by a rather thick black bezel and a rubberized back (which makes it easy to hold). Due to light weight and small frame it's no problem to hold or carry and much easier than the iPad (which is twice as big and heavy as the Playbook).Now for the Pros:Easy to handle and holdEven the base 16GB unit has enough space left over for tons of apps and files (I figured that nearly 14GB was left over after the OS was installed)Once you learn the drill, the screen gestures become second nature and I found it easier to use than the iPad methodPinch to zoom works flawlessly without Apple's problem of "checkerboarding" where the screen develops a checkerboard pattern while it attempts to render the area you just zoomedVolume buttons are up top which keeps them out of harm's way and also keeps users from pushing them during normal useFront camera has decent quality images, sufficient for chatting but the rear camera has much higher resolution and takes surprisingly crisp pictures and videoThe browser is quick, very quick. Much faster than even the iPod or Kindle Fire.Flash laden sites are no problemVideos play without stuttering or skippingConsistent wireless connectivityOnce you set it up you can transfer files from your computer to the Playbook and vice versa wirelesslyNice, colorful and legible screen. May even be better than the iPad's even though it's not as largeSurprisingly trouble free keyboard. May be difficult to type with but it never once mistyped or failed to register a key I pushed.The app store isn't that bad although prices were a little steep in my estimation. This will change once Android apps are ported in mid-February.Stellar battery life. Never less than 9 hours.It can be tethered to your Blackberry Smartphone for connectivity should wireless not be available but check compatibility with your phone before jumping - some won't workComplaints about the recessed power button are unfounded. It's recessed and small so you don't power of the unit while holding it. Guess others just haven't figured that out.Now for the Cons:Inexcusable boot times of a minute or more. Kind of hard to justify given the flash drive and limited depth of the OSTake my word and kill Bluetooth unless you're using it. That function is a horrible power suckerLooking for Kindle Reader or MSN chat? Sorry, isn't happening right now although Android's app porting may change that. Does come with Facebook chat, though. Oh, and there's no email or calendar functions built in, either.By the time you read this Android apps should be available but they were not for quite a while and this irked quite a few usersToss the included cover and get one with padding. I can smell an accident waiting to happenNo NetFlix although that may change. Hulu videos in basic mode play just fine but those desiring Hulu Plus will find out it's not geared to Playbook.No serviceable parts is this puppy. No way of upgrading drive space or RAM (which is about par for tablets)Mini USB is for charging and transferring files and that's about it but the charging is a 1:1 proposition from what I've seen (meaning nearly 9 hours of charging to get 9 hours of use). The wall charger cuts this back substantially; however, if you use the unit while charging it almost uses the same amount of power thtn you're providing (meaning you're going forward very little).Occasionally would flip the screen upside down for no good reason and I couldn't get it back without powering off. After a couple times I merely flipped it over and worked upside down.Keyboard is largely for hunt and peck typists only and those used to texting will find it easier to just put the unit in portrait mode and use their thumbs to typeDropbox, where art thou? You'll have to install Bluebox, a Dropbox simulator if you wont to park files and retrieve them from the Cloud.Not Linux friendly. Works well with Windows or OS X but Linux required I shut the unit down, plug in the USB port, and then boot Playbook while Linux was running. Even then it was treated as an external drive and you'd better know where to put your files as not to ruin the OSRear camera is great but auto-focus is largely a matter of luck and there is a delay when taking pictures. This means you can't move the unit after pressing the onscreen shutter button or you'll risk a blurred pictureIt's not iOS nor is it Android so what happens if RIMM tanks?I could go on but you've probably got the picture by now.So is the Playbook worth the price? Depends upon your needs. Forget typing documents of any length and while video playback is above average it soon became apparent that the Playbook is just like any other tablet - good in a pinch but of limited usefulness otherwise.For $200 it's not a bad deal and cheaper than even the bargain basement netbooks, but it's still a play toy and not a serious instrument except for those that use or require Internet connectivity on a constant basis; however, at the original cost of $500 for a base unit it's just not worth the expenditure (you can get a halfway decent notebook for that much).
tablet_blackberry|I purchased the Blackberry Playbook over Black Friday (2011) weekend after recently returning Amazon's Kindle Fire. I wanted a device more portable then my iPad that would provide both entertainment and functionality. After watching/reading several reviews on the Blackberry Playbook, I was super stoked to receive mine!Unfortunately, that enthusiasm didn't last very long. I quickly discovered how, um, blah the device was. RIM did an amazing job with the QNX operating system; it's super faster, beautiful, and an absolute pleasure to use. With that being said, the lack of app. support in the Blackberry community has left this device struggling to find its place among smart phones and the iPad.Without apps., you basically have a device with a camera that can play movies. Sure, there's the internet and such. But it's a WiFi only device (unless you have a Blackberry smartphone to bridge). If you find yourself out of range of a hotspot, there's nothing left to do except watch movies/listen to music.I suppose you could read a book. But wait! There's no Kindle app. Instead, you have a Kodo application in which you're expected to repurchase your library.Sigh. I'm really disappointed with this device. It has such great potential if the community would get behind it and support it. To be honest, I don't see that happening. With Apple's IOS dominating the majority of the tablet world and Google's Android sucking up what's left over, I don't see much room for a new "competitor".So to break it down, here's my Pros & Cons list.Pros:-Beautiful Design-Portable-Great camera (can record in 1080HD)-Beautiful and fast operating systemCons:-Lack of app. selection-No Netflix app. and the Playbook's browser isn't supported by their online streaming service-No Skype-No Zinio-No "good" eBook reader-No native email or calendar app. on the device (they include web shortcuts to Gmail, Hotmail, etc.)As you can see, the majority of the cons are due to a lack of app. support from developers. Until there's more support for this device, you're stuck with a 7" internet browsing/movie watching device. And if that's what you want, just get an iPad; bigger screen, more enjoyable experience. And as I said earlier, if you're out of range of a WiFi hotspot, you're pretty much SOL.Overall, I rate the device's design, operating system, and smoothness a 5/5. But with its lack of apps., the functionality and capability of this device is a 2/5. :(
tablet_blackberry|I have an iPad 2 and just bought a Playbook when the price dropped. After using the Playbook for a week, I like it even more than my iPad 2. The hardware on the Playbook is solid, the QNX OS is easy to use and has not crashed on me yet. The browser can run Flash contents. The camera and video took beautiful pictures and video clips (better than iPad 2). The speaker produces very good sound. I can't wait until Feb 2012 when RIMM releases OS 2.0 which supports native email client and Android apps. The Playbook will be a perfect device with better software updates over time. I highly recommend this Playbook table to anyone who is looking for a portable tablet (iPad 2 is heavier to carry around).
tablet_blackberry|Blackberry Playbook... one of the best overall tablets on the marketScreen is absolutely stunning.Browser is very fast and of course has Flash.The camera front and back are good.The OS is extraordinary.The apps are very good. Fewer...But very good.The Good & bad!You need to carry a Blackberry in order to Bridge and use the email, calendar, etc...The Good - No data plan (saving of $50 a month plus tax) :)The Bad - Blackberry phones are outdatedThe apps...there are fewer but there are new ones appearing every day and they are above average and are as good as I Pad onesSmall and convenient...understated and functional.Simply put the Best 7" Tablet bar none and one of the best overall tablets on the market as long as you have a blackberry
tablet_blackberry|I am a software developer, I have used every tablet you can think of. This is one of the best tablets out there right now.
tablet_blackberry|I have never had the most up to date technology i still use just a plain flip phone and never really felt like i needed one but when tablets came out and they became popular they just seemed like something i would really like because i spend most of my time on my laptop and that thing is soo heavy and awkward to try and carry around so i looked around for awhile and being a broke college student all the tablets where so darn expensive so i had pretty much given up and was just going to settle with my heavy laptop then i get an email through groupon where they where selling the 32 gb blackberry playbook for 179 dollars so i did my research read reviews here on amazon and watched some reviews on youtube and realized that most of the complaints where with the os 1 and this came with the os 2 update. Everything with this tablet is perfect the only complaint i have is in the browser when you have a video playing and you open a new tab it pauses the video which i dont like because i like to listen to music while on facebook but other than that it is perfect.
tablet_blackberry|I-pad is for sure is not a laptop replacement considering it lack of flash support; and also form factor is such that it is not comfortable to hold with one hand. Playbook is the closet and, portable one, when comes to a touch device/computer that best vie for laptop replacement.I strongly think all the craze behind i-pad is due to app enthusiasm and the simplicity to which people associated themselves with iOS. Concept of Steve Jobs to lead towards simplest things worked so far improving I-pad sales but also gave competitors an edge with flash or say one window where they compete better - which is a good thing as so many people realizing(ed) the fact turned away/against from I-pads attachment (or attraction) giving chance to other companies to work on their innovations - not just on flash front but in all possible arenas.One of those beautiful innovations from competition is Blackberry Playbook.First - One has to see it to experience the elegance of this Operating system. To me personally having to press a round button down at the screen always to switch between apps is annoying after I used Playbook. May be on phone but not on a device bigger than that. I feel like I-pad is in BC era and need another round of innovation.Second - Competing and coming best consistently on future web and app technology - HTML5 - Supposedly Steve Jobs vision of the future, where QNX is in the lead on all fronts. One must admit: BB OS7 and other phone version are poor compared to iOS or Android. But with QNX Playbook is, and if executed well BB10 devices will be, in the lead.Third - blackberry is slow with innovation but they are copious with products and features. For example, they came up with better hardware earlier to Ipad2, they have security solutions with BES and have advantage to work with specialized services such as identity solutions due to security level they provide to devices, encouraging local based app developments. And it is my belief that Playbook with all the features offered as a cheaper alternative when Apple grossing on huge margins has chance to spur innovation on multiple fronts when comes to playbook utilization. It may only need some time before it gets to bigger platform to grow faster than current 1+ million/year.I certainly think there is great future in fold for this device if RIM can bear though current slow down and the people at the helm work it out. Even if it gets in to someone else's hand, I think QNX is not going to leave the world soon. If only numbers count in product evolution, Sand can make bridge to sky.
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|I own an ipad 3 and bought this tablet just to have a small 2nd tablet. Not as good as the ipad but its just ok. I was planning to use it as GPS and multimedia in my car but there is no good software yet for GPS navigation. I'm still happy with the purchase and planning to keep it. It's solid for the price.
tablet_blackberry|The Blackberry Playbook more than lived up to what I was expecting. I received it in two days. It was easy to set up and I was off and running after that. Small enough to be portable and big enough to be able to read. Still exploring the apps, but really loving this tablet.
tablet_blackberry|Absolutely love this tablet. The ease of use, the operating system, the video player, the sound quality. It is definitely a great buy. I wish that Blackberry would make an app for netflix and a couple other things so I guess that's my only issue. Just a lack of a couple of apps I miss. I can't even play netflix through the browser. If that was possible this would make it even better but I am still satisfied. Also, order the hdmi cable too when you purchase this! The playback quality on my 55&#34; plasma is awesome as well!
tablet_blackberry|The PB is more than I expected. The touchscreen is very responsive. The browser is extremely quick. BlackBerry Bridge allows you to use your phone as a keypad or mouse. Additionally it let's you sync your BBM, emails, calendar, and text messages with your PB. Games run smooth as far as I can see although I haven't played too many of them. I use my PB mainly for studying, browsing, and creating spreadsheets.
tablet_blackberry|Does everything I wanted it to do. Bridge with blackberry phone allows me Internet access everywhere. Better than my ipad.
tablet_blackberry|I think it's great the tablet, so far I've used parcticamente every day and never tire of it, is easy to use and has very good resolution screen as the camera and is very quick to open programs
tablet_blackberry|I have had my BlackBerry Playbook for over a year now. It is so good I sold my PC and only use my wife mac on rare occasions. This tablet is truly a personal computer not a gaming machines.
tablet_blackberry|I put the Blackberry on standby so that it doesn't take so long to load up. The battery lasts more than a week on stand by. The only problem I have been having is I make folders for categories but when I go to file manager it all gets group together and the files I want are hard to find. It would be better if I could talk into WORD like I can on my cell phone when answering Email. The pictures are great. Too bad there is no zoom for pictures or video. The HDMI cable is great.
tablet_blackberry|If you are a BB fan then you will love this tablet. The one great feature I like is BB Bridge. You don't have to pay for tethering. You can do with this tablet everything you do with the other tablets. Why spend more and get less. When you realize what you really need a tablet for then you'll be glad you bought the PB.
tablet_blackberry|This is a fine tablet, but compared to the Google Nexus (I also have one of those), it doesn't measure up. First is the speed. It is just a little sluggish compared to the Nexus. Secondly, maybe more importantly, is the lack of Apps in the Blackberry World store for this. Yes, I know, Blackberry Playbooks have an Android player, but is it compatible with all Android apps? Me thinks not. The third thing I don't like about the Playbooks is the Micro-USB port is really hard to plug the cable into. It could just be mine... afterall, mine is a refurb unit... but in all other respects it is good as new.I do like the fact that I can get online with the Playbook, because I have a Blackberry Torch. It was simple to setup with Blackberry Bridge, but that is the main reason I like it... I don't love it though.
tablet_blackberry|I was hesitant for quite some time to make a tablet purchase (undecided).. I went with the Playbook based on price and functionality. Basically i wanted a tablet that could connect with my Tv through Hdmi. This 7" tablet is great for that and more. The browser is great and responsive. The keyboard works. The apps are quite on the low down but i really dont care about apps. I am happy with the browser and the cool apps you get in the BB World. Overall, great little tablet.
tablet_blackberry|Great service great quality and excellent product. i love my blackberry playbook. it works well with everythig i got for it and great for when I'm in school.
tablet_blackberry|I've never owned a smartphone and pretty much stick to just the basics on my desktop PC. So I was a bit wary about going with a Playbook instead of the tried-and-true iPad for my first ever tablet.Well, I'm happy to report that the Blackberry Playbook is a winner. The 7" 16-gigabyte model meets my needs for reading PDF documents, YouTube and video playing, surfing websites, and other basic Internet functions. The tablet is sleek and sturdy. Navigating it is pretty easy, even for a novice like me. The Hi-Def video is fantastic. I love hitting a PDF or YouTube file and having the tablet automatically know that Acrobat Reader or the video player are the ones needed to execute. All done with touching the screen, a nice change from having to 'click' all the time on my desktop or laptop. Battery charging and life are excellent. I bought the 16-gigabyte model and it's fine for my needs, but if you store lots of (HD) videos (I don't) you might want the 32- or 64-gigabyte models. If you are mostly into much smaller Word or PDF documents or websurfing, this model will be fine for you. My only quibble with the hardware would be that 2 gigabytes of RAM would be nirvana (2nd generation model?) since the OS uses up a chunk of the existing 1-gig of RAM it comes with now.That said, there are some problems.First, the POWER button is ridiculously difficult to turn on unless you have long/sharp nails. Could they make a bigger/longer power button/strip that wasn't a fraction of your finger size ? A minor inconvenience, but a notable one.Second, the customer service reps in the U.S. were terrible. They were barely more knowledgeable than me. They kept putting me on hold and talking to supervisors or going to PC's to Google the problem and see if someone on the Blackberry boards had an answer. And my problems were not more advanced transfer or data stuff that longtime Blackberry users might experience. I couldn't get the Playbook to show up on my PC for some data transfers, did not know I needed to download the basic Blackberry Desktop Manager before doing the transfers, and also had a problem with the WiFi. The CSRs didn't seem very knowledgeable about the basic layout of the tablet as icons below the 3rd row were 'hidden' but they didn't know that (we both though they had disappeared). Fortunately, I eventually got a tech-savvy CSR from of all places Singapore who sounded like he had spent more than 15 minutes playing around with one. I got more done in 30 minutes with this guy than 5 hours with the American CSRs. Ridiculous.Third, and this relates to my CSR problems, the Playbook needs more in-depth tutorials on how to navigate and find things. They basically assume you are PC literate and have been using a Blackberry smartphone for years. Well, some people interested in a tablet may only have been basic web surfers with minimal PC expertise. Apple products are easy to use for first-timers -- my 75-year old dad switched from Windows to Apple and he's not a PC expert -- and if the Playbook wants to grab sizeable tablet market share they have to make this not only a winner for the Blackberry smartphone crowd but for the 1st-time purchasers who have never bought a smartphone or are not living on their tech devices 24/7.I'm giving the Playbook 5-stars for the device itself and the user interface, though the number of apps compared to the iPad might make more experienced tablet users give it 4-stars. I'm also giving it 1-star for customer service, the tutorial, and lack of an intro manual (no, I didn't want a 50-100 page manual to read but then they need to have more tutorial and 'how to' stuff on the Playbook for newbies). The only bright note is that you get 90-days of free customer service, so that gives you enough time to get up to speed on your own and find out if you need help from their Tech Support (if you do call them, try and get Singapore right away ! lol).Overall: 5-stars, with an asterisk, that being the CSRs. RIM needs to realize some people buying their product are very non-tech savvy. I know they have had a stumble the last few years but you can't skimp on customer service or ease of use (just ask Dell or Nokia).
tablet_blackberry|I simply love my Playbook. I was waiting for a better selection of Android 3.0 devices to come to market before purchasing a tablet, but when I read the reviews on the Playbook I felt it would work better for me as a Blackberry Enterprise smartphone user than an Android tablet. I was able to find one for less than $325 on Amazon and got a $100 rebate from RIM, so my net cost was $225. A great deal for a tablet that let's you use your phone's data plan to access the internet (as long as you're not an AT&T user). If you have a Blackberry Playbook and are on the AT&T network, please switch to another provider and let AT&T know that the tricks they're playing with Bridge Browser is simply wrong. Any company that values their customers as little as AT&T doesn't deserve to have any; but I digress.I've used the iPad extensively and feel like the Playbook is every bit as good, only in a much more convenient size. You will not be disappointed if you get one!
tablet_blackberry|I bought my wife an Ipad3 which she loves and it is the only computer/device she has been able to show any interest in.I have always been a bit tech and have a desktop, Dell Duo Laptop/tablet (flip touch screen), Nexus 7 and now a Playbook which I use in conjunction with my company Blackberry Bold 9900.So how does the Playbook compare to the Ipad, both work well and would be rated 5 stars in the area's they are designed for.Both have ease of us, both have good screens both have plenty of apps (has anyone ever loaded 400,000 apps on Ipad or Android device) if people were honest I bet they use 10 at most.I do not think the number of Apps should even be a consideration. Do a search on the internet on how people use their Ipads. I am sure this is true for other devices.What I like about the Playbook over the Ipad,1. Multi Tasking2. Gestures (no constant pressing a button to change apps)3. Blackberry Bridge (with my bold connected it is superb)4. HDMI output - this works great with any TV, it uses the full screen (not like IPad) no extra accessories (only cable, not like the Ipad) it can also use the Bold's touch screen and keypad for input.5. The size - Ipad have just woke up to this with the Ipad Mini.6. The build - as good as the Ipad if not better.7. The price - recent discounting gives you 4 64gb Plybooks for 1 64gb Ipad.8. The mini usb port far more friendly that the Ipad (Apple cannot even stick to one format).I think the Ipad is great but has it limitation, the Playbook is great and combined with a BlackBerry Bold it is a great business tool.On balance I think the Playbook wins out just on the points above but I am always open to persuasion.I hope this helps anyone wanting to choose.I have not mentioned the Nexus 7 but it is good and a treat for those that like to change things all the time, with the correct firmware it is the fastest tablet, but not for the faint hearted.Also if you want to see what the playbook can achieve go here and have a look at the video not an Ipad in site in the Porsche [...]
tablet_blackberry|I JUST GOT THIS PACKAGE YESTERDAY AND I AM ALREADY IN LOVE WITH IT.THE BLACKBERRY PLAYBOOK CAME TWO DAYS EARLIER THAN EXPECTED. I MUST SAY THE SCREEN AND THE APPS ON HERE ARE QUITE AMAZING. I LOVE THE FACT THAT IT HAS A HDMI CONNECTION SO I CAN LOOK AT MOVIES AND MY TABLET TV APP ON MY TV. THE BATTERY IS AMAZING.I HAD IT UNPLUGGED THE FIRST 6 HRS OFF THE CHARGER WHILE I DOWNLOADED APPS AND LOOKED AT A MOVIE..AND IT WAS STILL OVER HALF CHARGED!!!! THE SCREEN AND KEY PAD WERE VERY USER FRIENDLY, NO FREEZING OR DELAY TIME FROM SCREEN TO SCREEN. THE PICTURES ARE AMAZING TOO!!!! THEY ARE CRYSTAL CLEAR, ALMOST AT A PROFESSIONAL GRADE!!! IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR AN IPAD ALTERNATIVE..I WOULD DEFINETLY RECOMMEND THE BLACKBERRY PLAYBACK AS A HANDY, PORTABLE AND GOOD FOR TRAVEL DEVICE FOR YOU!!!
tablet_blackberry|It's been a year since my wife gave me my playbook. it's light, as solid as a brick, the screen never scratches, and it's totally reliable. The Blackberry Bridge connections gives me internet ANYWHERE at no extra cost (although it does consume my Blackberry phone battery faster). It's excellent for internet and email. There aren't nearly as many apps as for an iPad, but I really don't care. The apps available are cheap (rarely do I pay over 99 cents for an app). The battery lasts a long time (probably 7-8 hours with intense use). I probably use mine about 2 hours/day, and I have to recharge it every 4 days or so. It has a mini-hdmi port that connects to my 60" tv -- and the Blackberry phone serves automatically as the remote control. The speakers built into the Playbook are amazingly powerful. It's a great little table, at a low price.
tablet_blackberry|I love this device! The 1080p HD display is stunning! Other tablets have fancy names for their display, this one delivers true 1080P HD video. The Operating System is a true multi-tasking OS, so you can run numerous apps simultaneously. Play music while browsing the Internet, while you have Excel open working on your spreadsheet... just like on a personal desktop computer. The built-in wireless lets me connect to my home or corporate network with ease, as well as hot-spots, and browse the web with speed. There's even a Remote Desktop app so you can log on to other computers on your network.Speaking of the web, the BB Playbook has a real web browser with Adobe PDF reader, HTML5, Flash, and everything else you need to browse the web. This is a true tabbed browser, letting you open multiple pages in tabs, just like on your home PC. The Favorites page has thumbnails/logos of each page. The built-in speakers have surprisingly good sound, although you probably want bluetooth or wired speakers if you're going to be listening live in your living room, and earphones for personal use.The BB Playbook has USB 2 and HDMI ports, so you can use the Playbook to drive a large screen HDTV by using an HDMI cable. Even more than that, you can use your Blackberry smart phone as a remote control device/mouse. Hook the Playbook to your big screen, use you BB smartphone as a mouse, and you have an instant presentation machine, using the built-in Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint or PDF, web browser, e-amil, YouTube or whatever you want. You can also open files that are on your BB smartphone directly on the Playbook! Transferring files from my PC to the BB Playbook is a snap, you just use Windows to transfer the files from your local Documents or Library to the Playbook network Public folder - drag and drop, nothing to it.It has a native e-mail app that I use for my Yahoo! and Hotmail accounts, and I use BB Bridge to connect to my corporate Exchange mailbox. The Playbook also has Microsoft Exchange ActiveSync, so you can connect the native e-mail app directly to your corporate mail.After only a week, we have been using it for:-tracking medications-creating spreadsheets (such as home inventory)-email (3 separate accounts) and web browsing-youtube player-online shopping-music player & video player-alarm clock and timer-eBook reader-apps: Resistor color codes, audio sinewave generator, eBook reader (native), piano player, various social games, dictionary, Bible w/ text and text-to-speech.There are also good speech to text and text to speech aps.Unlike some popular tablets, this tablet is not merely a web browser/email reader, Angry Birds player, or some toy to keep your kids or cats occupied, it's a real personal and business productivity machine.
tablet_blackberry|First of all I have only had this tablet a few days so I do not know how it will perform in the long term. However with the few knowledge I have about it so far I must say that in my opinion it is among the best tablets out there. I dont know how they did it but this thing is a real work horse capable of doing a lot of things at the same time with no negative effect on it's performance. I mean you can open games, pictures, email, app world, web browser and watch a 1080p video with no difference at all. Tell me how many tablet can do that. I have never used an Ipad but I heard it is the best out there however I just sold an Asus Transformer that I had for six months and I can assure you that the Playbook is more superior when it comes to performance in my opinion. The screen quality is spectacular making web pages appear almost real. 1080p videos and pictures are just the way they are suppose to be and if there are any short comings I have not and may not be in position to notice them. The sound quality put the Asus Transformer to shame. Sometimes I wonder if the two front facing cameras are not surround sound. Build quality is great with a rubberized back that care less about where you put it. I used to prefer 10' tablet but after using the Playbook I may have changed mind. It fits just fine in my hands. The keyboard is the best touch screen qwerty keyboard I have ever used. Well laid out, very responsive and just gets the job done with little to no errors.CONS: The biggest issue and drawback for the Playbook is the lack of apps. I'm not talking about having hundreds of thousands of them but making sure the popular apps that people cannot live without are available and work well. The lack of an sd card slot may be a big con to those with the 16GB or even the 32GB version but not much to worry about if you have the 64GB version like I do. I just cannot see myself needing anything bigger than that in a tablet.OVERALL I have more good things to say about the Playbook than otherwise. I must also say if Blackberry 10 upgrade becomes true then I plan to keep this tablet for a very long time. There are so many positive things I left out that you can find out yourself if you decide to get one.
tablet_blackberry|I bought this refurbished for $130 from another website. Unfortunately it was locked in demo mode so I had to exchange it,but they didn't have any left in stock.One very important thing I want to say is that don't think the tablet is dead if it doesn't turn on when you get.I thought mine was dead at first, but apparently the software doesn't let it turn on if the battery is drainedto less than 10 or 20%. It takes about 2 hours to charge it to get it to 20%. Some people have also said thatthe battery dies when you drain it completely... that's because lithium ion batteries aren't like alkalinebatteries and it's not good to completely discharge them.PROSThis is using original operating system version 1.0.7 Bundle 2942 that came with it, not eventhe latest 2.0.1 Bundle 358 update.-Comes with Word, Excel, and PowerPoint preinstalled. I'm not sure how useful this would be for professionalssince the tablet doesn't have 3G, but if you have a Blackberry phone and use the bridge, it seems like it could be very useful.-Browser has only crashed twice using it for about 3 hours a day for 10 days. Not bad at all. Once it crashesyou can turn it back on immediately.-I easily had 5 tabs open in the browser, 2 of them videos but didn't try more. The 1Gb of ram helps a lot with multitasking.-Amazing Wifi: Browser confirmed download speed of 100 KBPS compared to 80KBPS on both desktops and a laptop whichI thought was pretty strange. The browser must have have a built in download accelerator or somethingbut I'm pretty sure my internet shouldn't go faster than 80kbps. I always have full connection.- 3.5-4 minutes/1% battery when watching videos, 5.5-6 minutes/1% whenbrowsing/listening to music, apparently 4- 4.2 minutes if just reading and brightness at 50%The brightness at 10-30% is more than enough. When I set it to 100% it literally hurts my eyes it's so bright.-OS 2.0 apparently lets you download a lot of android apps.-Amazing screen, some things look like they're 3-d. More than sufficient brightness, super black blacks,no dead pixels,very even brightness. The resolution is also very good, both text and video are super crisp.-Great touchscreen responsiveness, pinch to zoom features, and hold a link to right click.-Very stiff case, it's very hard to twist-Thin and light, doesn't get hot, not more than 90 to 100 Fahrenheit-The keyboard is amazing, and the size of the tablets lets me type with both fingers even in landscape mode,although that wouldn't be comfortable for a long period of time-True multitasking with the UNIX based Blackberry OS, unlike IOS and other operating systems.You can leave the camera on, a game on in the background, music on, all while browsing the internet.-Good weight, feels solid but not too heavy at all-Can bridge with Blackberry smart phones (I haven't used this feature).-Pretty decent speakers, can get pretty loud.CONS-Biggest con for me is that the Blackberry desktop software just doesn't work. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling at least 5 times,but it never downloads over 60%. If you try to upload on the tablet directly it also cuts off, saying the internet connectionmight have been interrupted but it hadn't been. Most download managers would automatically pause if the wifi got disconnected,not start completely over again. Very annoying.-Takes 3-5 seconds to switch from portrait to landscape mode once you rotate it, not a big deal for me though-Takes 60 to 80 seconds (average 65) to turn on if off for more than 30 minutes. The good thingis it's functional immediately after it turns on.-15 increments of volume adjustment, but I always felt like it was too quiet or too loud (with headphones on) I have very sensitive ears though.-Most camera pics look grainy, white light pics look much less grainy though. When you upload the pics to your computerthere'll be a lot of pixels, but a lot of them are just noise.-When the battery is charged to 90 to 95% capacity it takes a very long time to charge to 100- about 1 hour from 90 to 100Once above 20% it takes 3 to 4 hours to fully charge. 2 hours from 0-20%-Only 13.4 GBs of usable space, but my whole music collection is about 5 GBs and I don't plan on putting a lot of movies on the tablet.-Can't expand memory because of no SD card slot.Overall, for me, the pros dramatically outweigh the cons.This is the review that convinced me to buy this: check out the review on notebookcheck dot netI pretty much agree with everything stated here.One tip I have is to charge the battery to around 95% and only let it drain to 70%. This maximizes the life of the battery. For me, this gave about2 to 3 hours of time between charges. This is because of the nature of the lithium ion battery in the tablet.Search lithium ion batteries at batteryuniversity dot com
tablet_blackberry|With a 7" format, dual band wifi and built in gps, the Blackberry Playbook is the perfect companion for people on the road. As of this writing, the 64g version is heavily discounted by as much as $450 and considering the quality and rising number of available applications, it is an excellent deal for anyone planning to use a portable tablet.As compared to the others, the Playbook's screen holds up in terms of brightness, crispness of text and smoothness of media playback. Two front facing speakers provide the volume and high fidelity not found in the more expensive units. The QNX OS employs more touch commands and one has to be more aware of this at first but just a few days of constant use will make the user feel at ease as the experience is retained in memory.One should experience the ability to record video at high definition, the screen is just the right size and brightness that allows the viewing of the scenes in real time. Playback is equally as impressive and video files can be easily exported as attachments to e-mail and sent via wi-fi.Though not heavily advertized, the Playbook is capable of communicating in two different frequencies because of its built-in dual band wifi hardware. I was pleasantly surprised to find this out the first time the tablet was turned on for its initial setup. The newer 5ghz band is faster and ideal for media streaming from a wireless network server or storage.Applications are still scarce but new ones are starting to appear and participation of new users could encourage the development and porting of additional softwares. However, it must be emphasized that the Playbook comes with a set of applications that makes the tablet useful as a productivity tool and with the addition of applications that provide gps navigation, internet access, wireless file management and media playback, the need for additional programs such as games and entertainment becomes secondary.
tablet_blackberry|06/06/2012I've had my playbook for less than 24hours now; yet I absolutely love it! It does everything I need to do; makes my life a lot easier; especially when it comes to responding to numerous emails throughout the course of the day.The set up was incredibly easy, the entire process- setup & installation took all of 8 minutes.The tutorials were really well put together. Blackberry Bridge is incredible!I previously owned an Ipad 1, and certainly never felt this way about it.Great Job RIM!
tablet_blackberry|I have been a Apple - mac user for years both at home and a work Mac computers, iPod, iPhone, mac laptop and a iPad. My wife was the Blackberry user. When she received an iPad from her employer I enjoyed it too, but one device, two users = family issues. I was about to buy an Ipad but RIM dropped the price of the Playbook and I tried it.Display: ***** bright easy to read;os ***** easy to use, no crashes, handles word and pdf documents easily;sync ***1/2 the RIM program is no itunes but i have easily moved music and movies to the playbook;apps ** apple wins here no question but where there is no app you have a fully functioning web browser and although there may be a step or to more to access a program you can still do your banking, check your stocks, etc...;browser ***** excellent works with Flash;Wifi: ***** excellent, at home not an issue, otherwise I teather with my iPhone;Mail: ***** very good link to Gmail, easy to use;Calander: * missing but I use Google calander;Address & contacts *: missing, I have not found a good alternative yet - easy work around i grab my iPhone;Security: ***** not an issue like Andriod os;Engineered in Canada *****Summary: The Playbook has limitations but I have been impressed by the products quality and engineering. With more users hopefully the Apps will follow. The question, is RIM committed to the product.**** 1/2 rating
tablet_blackberry|Blackberry PlayBookUltra portable - Ultra PowerfulWeighting at 0.9lb & 7 screen size for all your milt-touchingThe back is rubberish materials really nice feel to it gives a good grip.Oh did i mention the 10hour battery life? Amazing!Dual HD Cameras Loving it! Front Cam 3mp & Back 5mp but can shoot 1080p video on both..Fantastic!Here is the best part for all Blackberry phone owners!You can bridge your phone with the playbook!!so you ask what that? Well, Basically you can view all your phone stuff on the 7 inch screen! (wait for it..)and also use the same data plan you have on your mobile to use it on the playbook bridge browser!!Yes that means as long as you connect it with your phone you can be online anywhere anytime.(no need to pay for another mobile data plan bill, aww Yeah!!)orYou can use WiFi to browse all those site with flash!Yes, playbook supports websites with FLASH! (something ipad1 & 2 can't do an do not support)but their is a con to it, since the blackberry playbook is still kinda new to the tablet market, not much app is available yet for it. but still enough to play around for now as more app is being develop, but do not worry Blackberry is currently working with android to make android apps compatible on Playbook! How awesome is that!!Since playbook support flash you don't really even need the apps yet = use web apps)Video Chat:www.imo.im WORKS, although video chat is a little tricky to set up. Audio works great!Skpye,Msn,Aim,YahooGames!flash-games.net WORKS!armorgames.com WORKS!m.kongregage.com WORKS!You get the idea right??I hope so... =)Happy Playbooking!!Weee!!
tablet_blackberry|I am writing this after a month of ownership.I will say Rim is going the right direction with this unit. My review will be based on the latest build or update as of June 7 2011.I love this device in terms of handling and navigation and portability. I have taken this on a few trips now and being able to carry this in my shirt pocket everywhere i went is a must for any tablet.I could leave it in places where i would have never left any other table with my Email, Contacts, Notes and all the rest that is bridged to my phone. The bridge feature is a feature that enabled me that ease of mind. No other tablet can do that, and that is key for any traveling business person. I think for the business mind its awesome. Web browsing is fantastic too. The tablet however came to real live with the last update 1.0.5. I recommend any business person to get this.
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|I will state that I never intend to purchase an Apple product, ever. That being said, I looked around for a while before deciding on purchasing the BB tablet. Besides the Kindle Fire, you won't find another 32gb tablet from a major manufacturer on the market selling for less than $200. I considered the Fire, but after reading reviews, determined it is more oriented towards media consumption (NetFlix, Kindle, music, that type of stuff). The PlayBook is more oriented to business/travel, with lots of integrated tools (like conversion app, a scientific calculator, documents to go, etc). Since I intend on using my PlayBook for "mobile computing" while traveling, it seemed like a better fit.I haven't used my PlayBook exhaustively yet, but I am very impressed by it's long battery life. I literally took it off charging at 10am today and used it all day to write emails, read magazine articles, Google things, and play chess, yet over 12 hours later still had 60% of my battery.With the site goodereader.com, you can put Android apps on your PlayBook. This is on top of the BlackBerry "App World". That means you have access to the most apps of any tablet, since Android has the most and you get BlackBerry's on top of that.The predictive text on the PlayBook is excellent- it greatly speeds up the process of writing things. I would actually say I am nearly as quick in composing things on the PlayBook as I am by typing on a keyboard.Altogether, the "controls" on the keyboard are fairly intuitive. They are similar to what the Palm Pre used, and mostly involve "swiping" things. You can have quite a few things running concurrently, and just cycle through them as is convenient for you.The internet access on the PlayBook is almost exactly the same thing as using a computer. I can do my Spanish homework using my PlayBook, even though it runs through some special program. I like how it also gives you the option to read a page as an article, so you don't have to adjust the size of the page to make it fit properly, or worry about inadvertently clicking something on the page.So, I highly recommend the PlayBook. As a fringe benefit, when the BB 10 comes out, you will be able to sync the PlayBook and it together, to share information.
tablet_blackberry|Typing this review from a playbook. Everything I own is mac, from iphone to macbooks to Apple tv, but I just couldn't justify the enormous price tag for an ipad that's essentially a larger iphone. When I saw the playbook on sale at best buy I was skeptical at first... RIM products have never been on the top of my list since 2005, and I do have an outdated bb bold for work, but after playing with the playbook for 20 minutes I was impressed! The release of os 2.0 adds both email client and calendars that can be synced from work, school, and Google Calendar makes it very convenient to have on a tablet. Dates on the calendar vary in size depending on how busy you are, making it very convenient for all those busy bodies out there. The browser is the best I've ever used on a tablet, way better than the safari I'm used to on the iphone. Some people complain that loading full web pages on a seven inch screen is too cramped, but I think it's perfect and the flash enabling makes viewing content like YouTube links a breeze. I like it so much that I'm considering getting a blackberry as my next phone! Apple products may be easy to use and convenient, but the playbook made me realize just how much is lacking in the ios platform. I could never justify paying the exuberant price for the ipad, especially since I don't game much and just wanted a device that can read word documents and connect to the Internet. If you're cross shopping this with the ipad, trust me when I say it's worth it as long as you don't mind the lack of apps (really, most apps on the Apple Store are children's games anyway), the smaller screen, and imo, A far more intuitive interface and web browsing experience. Its made me glad that I shook the Apple disease and realize how much has been missing from their products. If you are a budget minded individuals who needs a device for viewing work documents, emails, schedules, and flash enabled sites, you can't go wrong with the playbook. Oh, and the small buttons up top aren't really a big deal breaker either. Trust me when I say you'll know when your device is turning on by a nifty feature called the lcd screen...Some small gripes, but no deal breakers:1) currently no netflix or hulu+ support. Can be sided in from android marketplace, but who has the time to figure that out?2) no Google maps app. Important for those who do sales and need to keep track of their territory. Instead, uses bing maps which is about as intuitive as a slide rule. Can access Google maps through browser though, so not a big deal3) wifi only. Can be tethered via smartphone, but won't tether with an jailbroken iphone4) small power button, doesn't take away from the experience as a wholePros:1) calendar syncing and interface2) supports virtually any email client, can sync with a corporate blackberry without saving content to the playbook. In the corporate world this is a godsend, since most companies protect their content like bees to a hive.3) browser: tabs, flash, quick responsive scrolling4) graphic user interface puts ios to shame5) document viewing and editing, including power point, pdf, word, etc., wireless printing6) price... Think about it. Half the price of an ipad minus useless apps plus better tablet experience? You'd be nuts or a teenager to pass on this dealReally very happy with this device. Utterly astounded by the value, and will likely buy a blackberry phone in the future to make better use if the playbook features. I'm sold!!
tablet_blackberry|I got the Playbook several days before the release of OS 2.0, thinking that if the new OS was successful the price might go back up. I've now installed OS 2.0 and, while it did add some nice features, including many that people had been clamoring for, I'm not sure it's really much better. That may change as more Android apps become available for it but that's what it'll take.That said, even with the original OS it's a very nice tablet. I use a number of tablets so I'm able to compare them. This is certainly among the nicer ones in many ways.The biggest advantage it has over the rest are the really fine and loud speakers. It's the only tablet I've seen that's louder than an Ipad and it's a lot louder. And the sound is a bit clearer and cleaner as well. This is with the speakers. I haven't used the earphones yet. I haven't felt any need.The screen is excellent. It's not the kind of pop-out color saturation the Samsung tablets have but it's a bright, natural looking screen that's as good as any tablet I've used and better than most. And it's the only screen I've used that's actually okay to use outdoors. Some can be seen outside, sort of, if you don't mind it looking a bit washed out. This one, even on a bright sunny day, is easy to read a book on. They did the screen right.The OS is simple and intuitive and everything you need is always right there and never in your way. It's easier to learn than IOS and easier to use, once learned, than Android. The problem with the OS is that it's not very customizable. You can change the wallpaper and put icons where you want them and that's about it. Even IOS is a bit more customizable. With OS 2.0 they did add folders but they're large and clumsy while IOS's folders are graceful and the same size as other icons.I think the changes in OS 2.0 made the interface a little less intuitive than it was, but it's still much more straightforward and easier to use than the rest. For the non-technical person who doesn't want to spend much time learning the ins and outs of a tablet, this is certainly the best choice. For the tinkerer (like me) it's still easy to use and I have to be content with that. They already did a lot of the things I might do, so it might be said to be pre-tinkered. :)One pleasant surprise is that it plays every video I've tried to play so far, and I've tried a lot of formats. it hasn't failed yet. I was expecting that to be a problem since I use a lot of formats for various things and I thought that until a good Android video player became available it would require me to convert videos. So far I haven't had to. It plays them all.The quality of the apps has been very good, as have the prices. Most of the Android and IOS apps aren't available but it's easy enough to find replacements and they've all been just fine. Installing OS 2.0 caused a few problems with apps but updates have already become available for all the ones I've had problems with and they're all working fine now. There aren't all that many apps but so far everything I've needed has been there, usually with a few to choose from, and they've all been good. Hopefully now that Android apps are appearing there won't be any exceptions to that down the road.One thing they didn't do and should have with respect to Android apps was make them easy to install from sources other than the Blackberry App world. The way it works is that developers have to convert them to be run on the Playbook and then upload them to the Blackberry app store for vetting. That makes it all nice and safe and cozy but the fact is that a lot of my favorite Android apps have been converted by people on the internet and are available for download but there's no simple way to install them. There is a way that I haven't tried yet but I will, that requires doing things that a lot of non-techie people won't be willing to do. They should have made it easy to just copy over and install these apps. The risk, doing this through legitimate sources such as xda-developers, is small.Transferring content to the Playbook is possible via Wifi from any Windows PC (and probably Mac and Linux as well). You just turn on the Playbook sharing mode, give it a password if you choose, make note of it's IP address and then open a Windows Explorer window to that IP. The Explorer window opens on the Playbook and you can simply drag and drop files to it. This is the easiest way to transfer files that I've seen on any tablet. It also works in the background. No special mode is needed for the Playbook. I've transferred videos while playing a game or watching a video on the Playbook. This is the first tablet I've seen that takes multi-tasking seriously.The web browser is excellent, but so are those on IOS and Android. Which is the best of those is just a matter of taste. They're all very good and any advantage one might have is always temporary. They're really all pretty much the same. If anything, IOS is a bit behind without Flash but even that's temporary since Flash is going away.After saying all that good stuff about the Playbook I think I'm still faced with the fact that it's kind of in a world of it's own. It doesn't really mesh with the rest of the world in the many little ways that Android and IOS do. For the working person who isn't already using a Blackberry phone and working in a Blackberry environment and wants a tablet for utility purposes, this might not be the best choice. For someone like me who wants it for consuming media and playing an occasional game and browsing the web it's an excellent choice. I'm retired and a gadget lover and I play with these things and this is certainly going to be among my favorite toys. If I was still working and I wanted the most useful tablet I think I'd go with IOS or Android.Barry
tablet_blackberry|I have been using my PlayBook for about four months and have been very satisfied with the performance. There are apps that are useful and make it easier to use this tablet in a professional setting. The biggest seller for me is that it plays Adobe Flash and you don't have to have a special app to watch videoes on YouTube. Being able to bridge the device to my BlackBerry smartphone is another plus.I have seen Apple fans invading the site to pan this device. And judging from the comments I've seen, they either don't own the device or never had any intention of buying one. I demoed the iPad and other tablets before I chose to buy the PlayBook. The reason the PlayBook won, in my opinion, is that it isn't cluncky or bulky. It is the perfect size if you want a portable device that you can carry anywhere. I can put it in the pocket of my suit coat and not worry about leaving it somewhere. And it works on most of the Wifi networks I have used it on.
tablet_blackberry|Come on people, you can't possibly give this device 5 stars. It does not even have a native email app!I've owned the Playbook since April. I do not own a Blackberry phone. I like the Playbook but if you need a Tablet NOW, do not buy this one. You will likely be frustrated with the lack of apps, especially email and contacts. Shame on you RIM, this could be a real player and give Apple a little (very little) run for its money.I installed the non-supported side loaded Android player about a month ago. I could no longer wait for RIM to finally keep a promise and release it. It works and so does Kindle for Android. However, with their latest OS update RIM disabled the hacked Android player. Nice. Thanks RIM. Actually, its not that big of a deal but come on RIM, release the dang thing already. Its Sept. 13 for God's sake!RIM has the potential for greatness but keeps fumbling the ball. They are like the Cleveland Browns. You want them to do well, they show potential and then let you down because of lack of execution.The Good:I just got back from Aruba. I watched 2 movies on the PB while in-flight. The screen is awesome and the 7" size is really nice - very mobile. Its one of the reasons I bought it. I kept up with email via Google mail linked to my corporate mail (because remember RIM does NOT have a dedicated email app). BTW, the missing email app was promised by Jim Balsillie, president of RIM, in April - said it was coming in no more than 60 days. Came from the friggin president of the company! The guy has no problem lying.Back to the device. I also used it in the hotel room as a media player and the sound is actually decent. Web surfing is nice and virtually as fast as my new laptop PC. Again, no issues there.Apps are getting better but no where near what Apple offers. This is not a big deal to me. I don't use it to play games.The Playbook OS is truely a game changer (sorry Apple, it blows away your warmed over iPod Touch OS). Its solid, fast and a pleasure to work with. No crashes...ever. It will undoubtedly get much better over time.All in all, I did not miss my PC but then again this was a pleasure trip and not a business trip.However, because the Playbook is such a mixed bag and if I had to do it all over again since its now Sept. 2011, I would wait to see what the Amazon tablet looks like. It should be coming out by the end of October and is stated to run Android.RIM's lack of execution is disturbing, as well as its deceitful marketing. However, I have to say I do like the device and I really like the size, the beautiful screen and its solid build. The Playbook is not a cheap piece of plastic. Its really built well. I considered the iPad2 and used it several times at the Apple store. It just looks and feels like a big iPod Touch and at 10 inches, well...why not just carry your laptop.
tablet_blackberry|I love my BB PlayBook, its the best tablet so far in the market, tried iPad but I didn't like it. The PlayBook has EVERYTHING! I can surf the net just like I surf on my desktop computer, I can share my BIS plan with it and get BBM, E-mail, etc. The Screen is really awesome, the cameras are pretty cool, the speakers are very good, I can do video chat from PB to PB with my friends. Use Skype (imo.im), Play Angry Birds on the net, listen to live radio (iheartradio.com), use Photoshop (Photoshop.com), Download torrents, Listen to music (dilandau.com), Play games on Facebook, take 1080p videos, EVERYTHING. I absolutely recommend this awesome product. You will not regret of it.
tablet_blackberry|A professional writer / photographer, I was looking for a high-quality portable display device to show subjects and clients my work. The BlackBerry PlayBook fills the bill very nicely.On my desktop Mac, I can create and name a folder then place 600 x 1024 pixel versions of my best images in the folder. Since the PlayBook mounts on my desktop like an external drive using the USB cable, I then drag my new folder to the PlayBooks Photos folder. The photos are then viewable on the PlayBook via the Pictures app.Re-sized PDFs of my published magazine articles go into the Documents folder; the free PlayBook Offline Viewer app makes the viewable in the PlayBook's Browser.Finally, my 360-degree panoramas go into the Documents folder and are viewable with the free Adobe Reader app. I should point out I convert my "pano" images to Flash SWF files using the neat Mac Pano2VR application. Of course, they are not viewable on my iPad2 -- which doesn't support Flash -- but they look great on the PlayBook's clear and bright display.I'm looking forward to loading my own videos onto the PlayBook and viewing them with Videos app. I also anticipate good things from the coming upgrade to v2.0 software and the ability to run Android apps.I was fortunate enough to get my PlayBook when Reseach in Motion made some of the 16GB tablets available for just under $200. It was a great purchase and will be a longtime addition to my trusty Domke camera bag.
tablet_blackberry|Whoever rags on the Playbook does not know how to use it. Bought it yesterday. Just set up the Bridge. On the net here using my Blackberry phone and plan. Hello. Just ran over my work related mail, using the bridge. Booked a hotel on Priceline, using the bridge. Had just returned a HTC Flyer last week. This unit blows that away... Easy to use.... I am sold here...
tablet_blackberry|It is very well made, durable, and sized perfectly. The OS is well thought-out and engineered to perfection - except it is missing a couple of simple applications: email and calendar. Bridging the tablet to a Blackberry to obtain mail and calendar works well enough, but it is unforgivable that RIM didn't include these essential applications with the base product. After purchasing the tablet, I held it as long as I could -- waiting for the promised Android compatibility feature. It did not materialize. I could have lived without Android apps, but the lack of native email and calendar applications, and the fact that RIM did not live up to the promised Android feature were deal breakers for me. I lost faith and trust in RIM, and reluctantly returned the Playbook. Too bad... RIM has a potential winner in the Playbook, but it is simply incomplete. RIM -- if you are listening and care -- keep your promises and listen to your customers, please....
tablet_blackberry|I have been on the fence about getting a playbook for a couple of months now. I was concerned about some of the negative reviews, particularly those that focused on lack of functionality. I was skeptical of those reviews, because I have owned a blackberry for years and have never switched because I am constantly impressed by the build quality and business functionality of BB. The Playbook has excellent build quality. The negative points about the powerbutton are absolutely ridiculous--it works perfectly. The keyboard is small but works well, and the shift to symbol screen that others have complained about is also ridiculous--it works fine, and gets faster the more you use it. The screen is phenomenal and far outshines ipad or any other tablet. The bridge to phone works perfectly, and I can get access to my secure outlook emails or hotmail emails flawlessly, anywhere I have cell phone coverage. I am not big on apps, so that has not been a problem for me, but the documents to go and native adobe app are great features. I was worried about lack of native dropbox, but I can easily access my dropbox or sugar sync online through the excellent browser to get access to ANY of my files or photos from ANY of my computers. I LOVE the size. If I want 10 inches, I'll fire up my laptop--if you want to lug around a big tablet, go buy a big tablet. The portability of this thing, along with build quality and features is what sold me, and I am glad I bought it. I have not done much with the cameras yet, but they are excellent in daylight, less so in dark lighting--video quality is outstanding, as is viewing any video. Speakers are excellent compared to other tablets. Bottom line--this tablet is exactly what I was hoping for and I love it's features and build quality. This should be the tablet of choice for anyone with a blackberry. Why on earth would I buy another tablet, when this one has the best of what I want and links to my phone for internet access from anywhere? Why would I want a native e-mail app when I can access all my existing accounts on Playbook through it's excellent browser or my phone? This tablet is a no-brainer for blackberry users. It may not be for everyone, but it's a five star for me.
tablet_blackberry|I purchased my PlayBook about three weeks ago. I am a BlackBerry smartphone user and after much deliberation between the Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 and the PlayBook, I decided on the PB. I based my decision on numerous but specifically two main points. First, the PB can be "bridged" to a BlackBerry smartphone. This essentially lets you tether the PB to the phone thus allowing you to use the PlayBook anywhere that there is phone service. This bridging is available as an app downloaded to the phone through BB AppWorld. The benefit of this is that its free with no tethering charges, using a BB smartphone on Verizon Wireless (not completely sure about other carriers). The bridge allows you to view, save, compose and send emails, access your calander and BlackBerry Messenger as well. The second point is that the 7" screen size, in my opinion, is optimal in a tablet for usability and portability. My reasoning for this is that it can be pulled out in public without looking obtrusive and loud and can fit in a inside jacket pocket. I own multiple laptops and a 10"+ screen in a tablet is in the small laptop/netbook area so why own something that large. I am very happy with my purchase, the build quality on this device is excellent and the display is awesome to say the least, its easy to type on and fast as lightning. I know that I shall enjoy this tablet for many years to come and I'm certain that with more available apps (and the ability to run Android apps as promised in the near future) that RIM has a winner here.
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|The crystal-clear display, the responsive touch screen and large memory storage are the foundations of the best tablet I have ever used. Included document software is compatible with Microsoft Office. My only gripe is a smaller selection of downloadable apps than Android, but since I bought this primarily for web surfing and e-mail, that's not much of an issue. For the price and 64 gigs of storage, this is outstanding. There is also an HDMI output so you can watch video content on a larger screen, whether it be your TV or computer monitor.
tablet_blackberry|I just want to know why I wasn't intrigued by this when it first released! I didn't even desire to go play with it in store. After reading several reviews and watching YouTube videos, I decided to give this a try since I was going through new gadget withdrawals. I must say, for people to give this tablet a bad name because of the &#34;lack of apps&#34; are idiots! Android apps can be downloaded to it.This is a GREAT, AMAZING tablet and it is worth every penny. I have a 7&#34; Samsung Galaxy Tab and an iPad 2. It's so much better than my Samsung and I'm still debating on whether it's better than my iPad, but i KNOW it's better than the iPad Mini. Just on flash alone, it's a great tablet. The HD screen is GORGEOUS and I love the gestures/UI. It's not too much. I also love how the buttons are on the top. They are small and you aren't able to press them (for function) easily when using the tablet. I find when using my Samsung tablet, I easily press the sleep/wake button when I'm just surfing the internet, so those buttons are a plus on the Playbook. The only downside to ME about using the Playbook is if you're using it for a long time, it can get a little heavy in your hands, so it's best to have it on a flat surface if your wrists get tired easily, but that's the only problem I have with it. It's built sturdy and the design is flawless. I would recommend this to EVERYONE. I'm sure once the BB10 hits the Playbook, it would be even better. Battery life is great, too.
tablet_blackberry|Brilliant tablet. great quality for the price. I was skeptical at first, but blackberry has really come around in the tech. market. I love this and it is a great tablet for families and college students.
tablet_blackberry|muy bueno todo exelente producto, exelente atencion se los recomiendo y de muy buena calidad y tod fino. gracias hasta luego.
tablet_blackberry|Unfortunately, I feel like this review will fall upon deaf ears. It's worth a try though, to raise awareness on this awesome product.I'm a mechanical engineer, and whether by training or just personality, I study the crap out of everything I buy. I looked for tablet PCs for my side business of personal coaching for a long time so I wouldn't have to haul around my nice (but large) laptop. The things I needed most were: clean audio/video recording to record coaching sessions, productivity applications (I use lots of Excel tools and keep client files in Word), note taking tools for business and personal use, and a good browsing experience so again I wouldn't have to lug my laptop around everywhere at home either.Does the PlayBook provide solutions for those demands? Absolutely.You don't need 45,000 apps to have a rich user experience. This was never a gaming device for me, and I don't really understand why so many people are buying tablets just for gaming and browsing. I do own a BlackBerry smartphone, my first one, but I now love the brand, and the PlayBook has so far only enhanced that love. It doesn't even take the Bridge to make it very functional.The apps that are available for this (which is expanding now that the Android player inherent in OS 2.0 is out) are powerful. Splashtop Remote Desktop Manager gives me a great option for storing most of my files at home and connecting to it when I need it, and keeping only critical files on either my phone or the tablet itself. The Bridge remote in 2.0 is pretty slick, and I feel like if I ever have to make a presentation in whatever capacity, this will be the tool of choice. Docs to Go is a perfect addition for this product. They work simply, beautifully, and effectively.My one complaint is that I clogged up my RAM a few times due to the fact that sometimes when you swipe an app to close it, it doesn't seem to remove it from the memory. Maybe it's been fixed in 2.0, but I just make it a point to check my free memory every so often and if it's low with no apps running I just restart. Hasn't happened since I discovered the issue though, so likely it's fixed or just a bug of some sorts.Overall, at $500 this is probably still too expensive. Get it for $200-$250 and it crushes the snot out of the Kindle Fire. If you are a professional who needs function over 100,000 apps or games, I believe this is a great product for you.
tablet_blackberry|So I don't ever write reviews for products, this is actually my first review. However, I think that after all I've been through with this product, I had to say something.I received my Playbook in January and I really did love it. I was not a big person on having a bunch of apps or games because I was mainly using it for work and school. It'd be nice, but it is not absolutely necessary. The best part of this tablet is multitasking. You can easily open a browser, swipe up, open your email, swipe up, open facebook, etc. It was 100% user friendly. So I thought this product was great for the price until...It just stopped charging. I have tried leaving in the charger for hours even days. I left in charged into my computer for hours. I even bought a charging station to charge it and it just flat out does not work. The WORST part about this whole thing is, they want me to pay for customer service since I am outside the 90 day range of purchase. I have had this product for about half a year and it breaks downs and they want me to pay them for a problem with their product.It is not just me, just google "My blackberry playbook won't charge" or "won't turn on" and you'll get a whole thread of people who have the same issue. The customer service is the worst part about it because there is simply a lack of any. I called a multiple numbers and they can only redirect me to the one that cost money. Why should I pay when I have had this product for less than a year and I did not do anything (like drop it) to keep it from working.Don't put yourself through this. There is an issue with the playbook and you can google it all. There is no help on their end so if you have troubles with yours, all you have left is a $200 coaster. Please just save your money and go buy a product that actually at least a year or offers some decent customer support for any issue that comes up.
tablet_blackberry|After reading how these Playbooks will be upgradeable to the Blackberry 10, I did a little research and found MANY favorable reviews for them. Since the price is definitely right, I decided to order one and... I am SO glad I did! This thing is nothing short of fantastic! Yeah, I've read how people are complaining about the lack of apps, but there are still over 25,000 apps available for this tablet. That seems small compared to the 100,000+ apps for an iPad, but let's be realistic: This tablet has its fair share of apps and there is enough in there for everyone! The size is a nice size which falls between my cell phone and my laptop, and it fits nicely in my hands. Quality? Second to none. This thing is solid and operates great. It's also VERY easy to use and operates smoothly. True multitasking at its finest!!! It can also be tethered to my cell phone, which is a nice feature. It can link to my cell phone and I can use my data plan, using this tablet anywhere. Google it online and you will see quite a few reviews about how this blows away the iPad Mini. Apple snobs dislike this device, but for the rest of us who are not snobs, this is THE tablet to have!!!EDIT: I have now had the Playbook for almost three weeks and it is fantastic! I use it every single day and it's working perfectly. Battery life is great (about 8 hours under "normal" use) and with the rapid charger, charges up in a reasonable amount of time. As for apps, I have quite a few Android apps on it and they are working well. Yes, it is a little bit of work to sideload some apps, but it can be done pretty easily and they do work. Kindle? Installed and working great! The Blackberry App Store has MANY good apps to download, with many being free or 99-cents. The Playbook is so great that my girlfriend bought the same one a few days after I did, and she can't put it down, either. I am anxiously awaiting the arrival of Blackberry 10, but in the meantime, the current V2.1 OS is working great. I honestly can't find one complaint about this Playbook. For the price, you just can't go wrong! I would *HIGHLY* recommend opting for the 64GB version. It's not much more than the 16GB or 32GB versions, and it gives plenty of room to store all your software, music and photos!
tablet_blackberry|For the price, the playbook can't be beat. It records HD video too and the quality is surprisingly superb. We have an HD Camcorder and the playbook recorded just as we'll. in terms of use, it does everything we want it to do. The speakers are loud, much louder than the IPAD, which we also own. The apps are abundant despite what yu hear. You can get many android apps loaded free such as flicker, maps, adobe, tons of games, through several free websites. The screen quality is solid and the form factor makes typing much easier than my Ipad3. , I actually enjoy typing on it as opposed to my IPAD. Flash also plays and loads on websites great. In terms of speed, the IPAD3 Loads web pages slightly faster but the playbook is no slouch either. Wen considering the price of the playbook is 4x cheaper than an Ipad, I'd choose a playbook every time. I actually find myself using the playbook more than the Ipad as it's more comfortable to use due to the smaller form factor and easier typing. 10&#8221; tablets are too cumbersome when compared to the 7&#8221; version,
tablet_blackberry|I bought the Playbook for my wife as a gift. I did not buy it on Amazon but elsewhere and I just wanted to give my comments on it.PROS:1- Integration with my wife BlackBerry was easy, she can use her BBM, BB Calendar, BB email, documents right there on her Playbook after sync. She can use her phone data plan too on the tablet without any extra $$ cost or requiring reconfiguration.2- The Office App is the best I have found on a touch device (Docs, Excel and Presentations), she uses it every day and she can decide where to save them, on the Playbook himself or in her BlackBerry.3- Perfect size for her needs, nice bright and DPI screen, I love the speakers (2 of them put in front of the device: some other brands only have 1 speaker placed in the back the sound doesn't feel right).4- Apps, well some say there are no apps in here but there are a lot, maybe not the same quantity than Apple Appstore or Google Play but you have all that you might need... Comes with 3 big games (Need for Speed, and 2 others I don't remember cuz I dont play -my wife doesn't play too- that much :-P)5- Best internet browser I have seen on mobile devices or tablets, yes I think its better than Android and Safari its is fluid and can render Flash without any problems, Its really like browsing on a full Desktop PC.6- Multitasking way better than iPad, and maybe even better than Android ICS, its so intuitive to pass from an open App to another one, to close them, to chose another one. Trust me, its amazing what this little tablet can do.7- Playbook OS 2.1 its a nice piece of OS, RIM needs more developers to put more apps in here ... and the better part is that now if you don't have any BlackBerry phone, it doesn't matter because you have Calendar, Email, Docs, Facebook, etc without needing a BlackBerry (the phone its a plus, but not necessary)8- Battery life is really good, I have used it on a trip for more than 5 hours watching movies and at then end, battery was like 55% - 60%9- Nice back camera, taken videos and pictures with it and really nice.10- Standard connectors Micro USB and Mini HDMI that you can hook easily to you TVCONS:1- It feels a bit heavier when compared to other 7 inch tablets (I compared the Samsung 7 inch and this before buying)2- Maybe more Apps... well to be honest the only real one that I want and can't find is Skype so I can use the front camera3- No expansion card..I can say that it is the best 7 inch 16GB tablet you can have for $199, yes now there is the Nexus Tab 7 for the same price but its a 8GB ... if you have an extra $55 go buy Nexus Tab 7 16GB or Samsung 7.0 only if you are worried about not having apps, but for me and my wife the Playbook cover all our needs (Office apps, Browser, Twitter and Facebook, some casual games, watching movies, pictures)
tablet_blackberry|This is not going to be a super high tech review. I am a Catholic priest and a devoted Apple fan - a very VERY devoted Apple fan. However, when I decided to move from a paper day planner that I was alway misplacing to a tablet, I was not sure of which tablet to get. Like everyone, I see the Apple IPAD everywhere and have many friend who are devoted users. However, I was not convinced that the IPAD was the right table for me. I like the smaller size of the Playbook compared to the IPAD. I have found the calendar, the email application, the contact compiler, and the web browser to be very simple to use. I have also taken photos with it. Those are the applications I am after in a tablet in my professional life as a Catholic priest. There is a learning curve for me as I get comfortable with the Playbook, but so far I am very happy that it is meeting my needs. I am very happy with my choice of the Playbook. I am not sure what the future of the Playbook and Blackberry will be with all of the competition with IPAD, the Android platform devices, and the new offerings from Google and other companies. I hope that the RIM Playbook will continue to find its niche.
tablet_blackberry|Before playbook, I have some pre- existing experiences using iPad2 and Xoom. And I definitely have to sit by my Windows Laptop/PC when I need browse websites extensively and seriously.Ok, here is my personal experience which I'd like to share:What I like (relative to other tablets):(1). The form factor. It is portable in reality, yet with workable/watchable screen size. Even it is only 0.9lb and 0.4inch thin, I hope, in the future, all tablets can be made lighter (say 0.1-0.2lb) and thinner (0.1-0.2 inch) if possible at all. For now, this playbook is the best for my personal preference;(2). The web surfing. The browser is very professional and extremely fast. It loads webpages EXACTLY THE SAME as a Windows PC does. No sacrifice being a tablet. This is the first tablet in it's class. Why other tablets couldn't have done the same thing? I don't understand;(3). The multitasking. I like to have a music or video playing in the background while surfing the web.(4). The high build quality and low profile looking. It's neat and looks just like a regular book when put in case. Very well built and very low profile in appearance.(5). The price. Moving forward, $299 will be what I'm willing to pay for a top level quality tablet.What need to be clarified:(1). Blackberry Bridge Vs. Internet tethering. When you have Bridge setup with your blackberry smartphone, the Playbook is nothing but a display. So, everything you seem to "run" on Playbook is FREE because in reality, it is your smartphone is running. I found in a couple reviews, reviewers said there is a charge from AT&T for Playbook. That is because those reviewers were using internet tethering, not Bridge, on their Playbooks. I google'd and found the following link to be useful in solving the confusion:&lt;http://crackberry.com/blackberry-bridge>(2). Apps. I downloaded about 20 apps for kids to play when we were out. I don't feel I am limited in any case. If you would like to be immersed by 1,000,000 available apps but in reality you only need 300, then you will have to keep your iPad for the best possibility. One question to ask: there are millions of songs generated each year, how many songs do you really listen to?What I don't like:Playbook OS 2.0 (with native email, calendar, and contact) didn't come with it. I'll have to wait until Feb.
tablet_blackberry|I was skeptical at first. I have a Blackberry Torch with a relatively large screen, so what would this little Playbook do for me?Answer - everything. The screen is so crystal clear and detailed that it produces a brilliant slide show of photos and makes it easy to read web pages. The camera is better than my Panasonic Lumix in terms of clarity and color balance. The Blackberry bridge lets me access everything on my smartphone (including email and the Internet) without having to pay my provider for an extra device. And the whole unit is remarkably intuitive in terms of set up and use (I write as a 63 year old non-techie).As a frequent traveller, I love the size and light weight. Why drag a 5 pound laptop around when I can do almost everything on this little one pound jewel? My only future question is whether I'll regret the 16 gig model if I start downloading movies.
tablet_blackberry|This little gadget is absolutely amazing. I take it with me everywhere I go, and since it is the perfect size for carrying, it does not feel the least bit awkward (unlike the ipad 2 and xoom). I could not believe my eyes when I played back the 1080p video that was shot with the playbook at the beach this weekend. It literally made my jaw drop - the quality was that good. The uninhibited web browsing experience (aka flash) made me lose complete interest in my laptop. Many people think the 7" is too small for a comfortable internet experience - NOT true..I enjoy surfing the web more on this than my 17" laptop! The resolution is so crisp and the colors so vivid on this device (beats the ipad 2 hands down - I have both). If you are waiting to buy this just do it and you won't regret it!
tablet_blackberry|As a corporate Blackberry user, I was very interested in how the Playbook would fit into my daily routine and enhance the mobile experience. I purchased a 32MB model five weeks ago and have gone through a couple of OS updates as well as a couple of tickets with RIM tech support to work through early bug issues. At this point the device and OS (v1.0.6.2390) are operating very nicely and I am experiencing no technical issues at all.I generally concur with the positive reviewers of the Playbook. This is a fine piece of hardware, and its positive virtues are well documented in earlier reviews. The user experience from a professional point of view, however has had less attention in earlier reviews. I thought I would just take a few minutes and briefly share my experiences and opinions in that regard.PRO:1. The Playbook integrates flawlessly with my company BES (Express).2. All Outlook features, including Notes and Tasks synchronize without a hitch.3. The bridge connection with my Bb Curve 8530 works very well.4. The browser does a great job with my company's Outlook Web Access application.5. The MS Office-To-Go apps offer sufficient functionality to actually create usable docs, spreadsheets and presentations.6. The Blue Box app offers very good compatibility with my Dropbox account.7. With a suitably equipped projector (with HDMI), presentations are a snap8. The PDF reader app renders attachments nicely.9. The 7 in. form factor enables me to easily take the device everywhere.10. I am not a gamer ( I am particularly not impressed with the multitude of silly games and useless apps the mobile world has spawned), but there are several games and entertainment apps that hold my attention during travel delays and other down time. The Kobo E-reader is especially good.11. The browser is excellent, as others have reported. This is important to corporate users who depend on custom web-based apps to do business.12. I have successfully connected a bluetooth MS Mobile Keyboard 6000 and Lenovo Bluetooth Laser Mouse. This setup works in a pinch for long duration situations when my laptop is somewhere else.CONS:1. Would like a fully functional GPS app. I am willing to pay for Garmin-class automobile usability.2. Handling of email attachments could be improved. Currently functional but a bit clunky.3. Would like to see a more robust PDF app. Currently functional but could be better.SUMMARY:Corporate users who are currently on the Blackberry platform will be very pleased with this tablet. I have found it to be a very welcome addition to my mobile toolset. If you are interested in a Playbook, be sure to confirm compatibility with your handset before purchase.
tablet_blackberry|I've had the blackberry playbook for about a week and I love it! I was looking for a tablet I could easily fit in my purse, this is compact and sturdy. I was also looking for one with a nice camera, front and rear facing, tho there's no flash, it takes beautiful pictures with a fast shutter speed. Transferring media from my computer to tablet was very easy. Now that you can get a lot of Android apps and games on the playbook (with some maneuvering on the computer) it is a GREAT option for those not wanting to spend too much money on the tablets that run on android . Getting the android apps was a little time consuming, especially for someone not too tech savvy, but I googled &#34;Android apps for blackberry playbook guides&#34; and eventually figured it out....over all, definitely glad I bought the playbook!
tablet_blackberry|This tablet is awesome. It is works beautifully. Set up was fast and simple. Connection to internet via my router was simple. Email set up simple. I did it right from the tablet. I bought a 32gb, then ordered 3 more (16gb) to give as gifts, and why not the 64gb?...ordered that one too!! I love, love this playbook. I have the iPad (first generation)...it's ok... but this Blackberry Playbook knocks the ball right out of the park! If you're sitting on the fence about the Blackberry Playbook, then don't!! It won't disappoint! And yes, I am a big fan of Blackberry...but I have Apples too...ipad, macair, iphone...I'll stick with Blackberry!! Waiting on the Blackberry 10 phone to launch, then it's goodbye iPhone!! I would like to see more apps though..especially those that contain free e-books...not an avid gamer, but avid reader!! PS: It supports flash! How cool is that!!
tablet_blackberry|I would like to start by saying I currently have the iPad 3 as well as the iPhone 5; and I have had Android devices in the past. This Playbook tablet is quicker and more glitch free than the Android devices I have used. It loads aps in seconds, and browser pages almost as fast as my iPad. The Playbook browser is capable of flash, so you can watch embedded videos and media in your browser without having to open a separate ap. It does have a dedicated YouTube ap, as well as a Facebook ap. It also has an email client/ap, as well as video chat aka Face Time.For faster web browsing, you can enable/disable Javascript and Flash with a quick swipe- by swiping from the top down while browsing and selecting the content icon. This results in near instantaneous loading of pages, otherwise you get a several second lag. I only enable Javascript or Flash when the web page requires it and I need the functionality it brings.The other tip I have and its a BIGGIE, is, Get The Rapid Charger Immediately and use it. [...]Blackberry Rapid Charging Stand for Playbook - Retail Packaging - Black]] The Playbook Rapid Charger or Playbook Charging Pod/Stand uses a magnetic three (thick) prong receptacle that is far sturdier, as well as charges much faster. The stand can be found on Amazon for about $17 total with shipping. It is currently $6 cheaper than the Rapid Charger wall plug. [...] Blackberry Rapid Travel Charger for Playbook - Retail Packaging - Black]] The charging cord that they give you is a micro USB; and anyone who has had one of these stop working on their cell phone knows what I am speaking of. Not only that- the charger has a Blackberry icon on the top side that goes in the port, with the USB symbol on the bottom side. This is contrary to industry standards calling for the USB symbol to be inserted with the top side up. RIM Blackberry also decided to use a dual AB micro USB for the charging/data port instead of just a B type, which means that you can insert the cable in upside down(which would be industry standard correct). If you insert this charging cable in upside down even ONCE, you can kill the port. Some recommend putting a white or red dot on the proper side so this (costly) mistake isn't made. eBay is full of Playbooks for sale with bad micro USB ports.I would like to mention that Office Depot had a great Clearance Sale of the 64 GB model Playbook at $150. They sold out quickly. I found one in a store in Palm Bay, Florida; and a manager named Brian was kind enough to go out of his way to have it transferred/shipped cross country to my local store. I am very grateful for what Brian did and I would go out of my way to shop at his Office Depot location as a result of his awesome dedication to customer service.
tablet_blackberry|I love this product. The BlackBerry Playbook is a wonderful tablet. I wish I could afford to buy one for everyone in my family. The graphics are amazing. I love watching videos on this tablet. I just wish that Netflix would write an application natively for this tablet. You can install the droid Netflix application though.
tablet_blackberry|This was my first tablet and it was just awesome. Even though i had it for just 2 days before it was stolen I'm definitely getting another one. I loved the ease at which you could use it plus the blackberry bridge. The only thing that i didn't like was the fact that i needed a wifi connection before i could use the tablet. Other than that i think the playbook is simply awesome.
tablet_blackberry|If you are looking at the Blackberry Playbook tablet, there are a few things you should know about it before ordering. It is a great device at a great price now that it's been reduced. 64gb is quite a lot of space for storing files and media.Internet: If you have a Blackberry phone, this device can get an internet connection over something called the blackberry bridge without requiring a tethering plan from your provider.Email: There are two applications for email. There is a built-in app (that was introduced with the last OS update) and there is a Blackberry Bridge App. The bridged app just displays your phone's inbox (minus text messages), the built-in application downloads messages directly over an internet connection.Contacts: There are two contacts programs. Again, one bridged and one built in.* Bridge vs Built-In *: Here is the biggest problem (IMHO) with the device. Because blackberry wants to keep corporate information as safe as possible, there are quite a few barriers between local information on the device and the Bridged data. For instance, you cannot send email from the built-in application to a contact only available on the bridged contacts. This is a problem because there is no way to directly sync your contacts from Outlook (or comparable program) to the playbook. You need to sync to an online address book and then set the device to sync with that. The other problem I have run into is that you cannot attach local files to email you're sending over the Bridged mail application. This means you can't attach a picture you took on the playbook to a message you want to send over bridged mail.Orientation Lock: Ok, here's an issue that has annoyed me quite a bit. The display normally hops between landscape and portrait according to the way you're holding the device. You have the ability to lock the orientation if you wish. There are some applications that only run in landscape mode. If I have the display locked in portrait mode and then open one of these applications (mail, weather, etc...) then my display ends up locked in landscape. Easy enough to fix, but quite annoying.* Netflix / Amazon Video *: There is no support for streaming video from the major places you want to stream video from. The device has the physical ability to display this video, there is just no software on there that will allow it. There is no solution to this announced. I didn't buy this for video streaming, so it's not that big an issue for me, but it does seem like this is a big tablet use for some buyers so I think it's worth mentioning.*EDIT* Amazon video does now work. I had tried once when I first bought the tablet, but hadn't tried again until someone responded to this review.Office Applications: The device comes with Documents to Go, which is good for opening attached Microsoft Office files. It is very limited as far as creating a new document, but good enough for viewing. A couple of limitations I have run into are that the word compatible application doesn't support headers and also doesn't allow you to create a table. You can enter information into an existing table, but cannot make a new one (at least as far as I can tell). I spent some time setting up templates with tables and replaced the header with a single image file. It's not perfect, but does what I need in a pinch. The excel compatible application's biggest limitation is that it can't lock the header row. Dealing with a spreadsheet on a small screen can be a bit cumbersome because of this.Media : I haven't used the media sync software, since I choose to just drag and drop the files I want onto the device. I have dropped quite a few video and audio files on the tablet and the built-in applications have played them all without problem.Apps: There is an app store for the device, but the offering is extremely limited compared to the Apple and Android app stores. The Playbook does have the ability to run Android applications, but apps that need internet access won't work over the blackberry bridge connection. You will need to use wifi for access if required. It may work if you set the phone connection as tethered instead of bridged, but I haven't played with this.I know I have focused on some negatives, but I have really enjoyed this device in the months I have owned it. I just thought it was important to lay out the limitations because it is difficult to find this information online. Most of the reviews available came out when the device was new, on the original operating system. The update released in February greatly expanded the built-in features, including the built-in contacts and email applications.If you're looking for a tablet to complement your blackberry, this is the right device. For my own use, it has saved me from breaking out the laptop or a printout quite a bit. It comes in incredibly handy for opening attachments, since I don't like scrolling through documents on my phone's screen. If you're app-happy and you're looking to make beats or edit video on your tablet, this may not be the right device for you.
tablet_blackberry|I was once a devout Blackberry user but because blackberry hadn't developed any new and exciting phones recently, I transported to the Samsung Galaxy line of phones. Though I like the Galaxy, I've missed my blackerry experience and longed for a playbook when it came out; but the price and the limited functionality kept pushing me away. Needless to say, once Blackberry released their 2.0 version of the blackberry playbook, and the great price reduction, I knew I had to grab one! For the price, it is more than what I expected. I did A LOT of reaserch before purchasing a tablet. The apps are lacking but I had come to terms with that before I made up my mind to buy a Playbook. Because I wasn't clear about the direction of RIM, I knew what I was getting. The internet browser is fast and very efficient and for the price its what I wanted (something faster to access than my laptop.) Also, with Camera and video capability I take it everywhere I go. For right around $150 you can't get a better tablet in my opinion. My only suggestion to buyers is to pony up and get a good case the first time around. I went cheap and ended up getting the ballistic case a week after getting the playbook. In conclusion, I'm very happy with my purchase. If you're looking at reviews you're probably in the market for a tablet as I was, I can assure you now that you will not be disappointed with the Blackberry Playbook and if you buy from the same seller as I, they will deliver above expectaions with lightning fast shipping and a product that comes equipped with all of the trimmings you would expect from a brand new unit!
tablet_blackberry|We have ipad2 which our kids love to play it. But since having a Blackberry Smartphone, I want to be able to maximize the data connection of my BB. Eversince I got my PB, I don't feel like using our ipad2 and even my iPhone 3GS anymore. I think PB OS 2.0 is more superior than iOS 5.Blackberry Bridge is out of this world! :) Awesome feature!Definitely I would recommend this tablet to everyone looking for a tablet.
tablet_blackberry|If you are addicted to BBM and own a blackberry, this is a must, just for the bridge feature and the fact that you can utilize your current blackberry data plan to access the internet on the playbook via the blackberry bridge..awesome idea and I think it was RIMs gift to those of us who didnt jump on the overloaded, iphone/ipad android bandwagon..Not knocking ipads but the size of the ipad make it look so...sorry cumbersome is not the right word.. just downright gooofy!!I thought I would be waiting for the 12 inch playbook, forget that, if RIM just adds expandable memory...I think they have a champion on their hands..I even heard ipad is coming out with a smaller version.hmm they mustve enjoyed toyin with the playbook but....who cares, for me no flash support.. NO IPAD!! it just takes away so much from the browsing experience.the playbook even comes with a little youtube icon....!!I hope RIM dont mess up a good thing...!!again if you love your blackberry and have the extra money to spare..you wont be disappointed..I suggest getting it from RIM and not the website..also if you live in the US or Canada dont get the overnight or two day service..I used the free shipping and received the package in two days....!!great job RIM!
tablet_blackberry|(Update, February 26, 2012: I thought I'd come back to you as RIM has issued the "2.0" version of the QNX operating system. Now, above the line, my Playbook has 5 icons that give access to applications that use WiFi, with Blackberry handset-independent databases, while the rest of everything, mostly capable of using the Blackberry Bridge, is below the line. Blackberry Bridge is the connectivity application between the Playbook and a Blackberry phone - contrary to what the press writes, it was there before, but I think its functionality has been expanded, in that you can now use the handset to function as a remote control for the Playbook. It seems a bit silly, but then the Playbook does have an HDMI connector, and that would mean you can run an entire HDMI display off the thing, watch movies in HD on Amazon, while using your phone as a remote control. That's not an application I was desperately waiting for, but perhaps there are others wanting to replace their cable service with the Blackberry combo, if I ever work up the courage I'll try that out for you, but please don't wait up for it. I am getting a little bit out of touch with the things you can do with a smartphone or a tablet, as most of what I see I could do with other tools already, and changing for the heck of it really isn't that exciting to me. In the olden days, you got a truly novel way of doing things, or a completely new thing to do, or a combination of both, but between watching movies in HD on the PC, watching movies in HD on the plasma display from the laptop, watching movies in HD from the tablet, and watching movies in HD on the Tivo, I pretty much have five times more capability than I have bandwidth. Yes, I know we can invent new ways of doing the same thing, but what was hip in the 1980s, is a bit old hat in the 2010s. OTOH, I just explained the whole thing to a friend, and he said: "That's nice, if that means I could replace the cable box and get the same service, yes, I'd buy that". Unclutter. See, what do I know.. really.. My opinion is unchanged - best thing since sliced bread if you use a Blackberry handset already - BIS, not BES.)(Update, February 3, 2012: It's been a month, and I have taken to carrying the Playbook instead of my laptop, when I leave the house - to give you an idea of how special that is, I began carrying a laptop on a daily basis in the mid-1980s (the Radio Shack 100, which I used to write and file stories as a journalist), and it is now 2012. Some 90% of everything I do on my laptop on the road I can do on the Playbook, not a little bit because it is, thanks to its mating with my Blackberry 9700, an always-connected device. No WiFi to find (though both the Playbook and the 9700 can), and so far its battery life, too, has been excellent. I've been down to 65% power, after three full days, but never beyond that. I tend to charge the thing every day, same as my other devices, anyway, but necessary that is not.)While I felt I really did not have an urgent need for a tablet, I have been dying to try one. Belatedly realizing the Blackberry Playbook was on sale, and because my mainstay work phone has been a Blackberry of one sort or another for decades, I knew I could get some benefits out of the Playbook that other tablets can't give me. The Playbook uses connectivity called the Blackberry Bridge to interconnect the two devices using Bluetooth, and to let the tablet use the handset's wireless internet capability and its databases. Additionally, T-Mobile's UMA service (a,k,a, "WiFi calling", a misnomer, available on TMO's Blackberrys) lets me run the pair over a shared WiFi link, reverting to 3G or 4G where no WiFi is available. That means I am good at Barnes & Noble, Starbucks, McDonalds, and many airports. The Blackberry handset is capable of serving the Playbook while still fully usable as a phone and messaging device, multitasking impressively as it goes. For $500 to $600, maybe not, I thought, but for a couple hundred, bring it on. For one thing, the idea of having to configure yet another device, additional to my desktop, laptop and two smartphones (home and work) was a bit beyond what I think is reasonable, and that is what I would have had to do with a "regular" tablet. The Playbook, which uses the Blackberry handset settings and applications, solves that conundrum, if that is what it is, handily.So, after moderate use of the Playbook for two full days without top-up charging, I found this morning that it had 64% battery left, which is pretty amazing - again, I have this thing running 24/7, and it is online to and via my Blackberry 9700 phone continuously. In other words, it is internet-and-Bluetooth connected all the time, no waiting when I pick it up to read mail or books, no booting, and it does not "lose its place" or goes to sleep just as you want to go on reading your news. I don't charge it overnight, because I want to be able to read in bed, and fall asleep without having to worry about putting things in chargers, or even where they are. One nice thing about this tablet is that it is a solid little black slab, nothing protrudes, no moving parts, nothing that can pop out or be dislodged, it should essentially be able to slip my grasp, as books often do when I fall asleep, fall on the carpet, and suffer no harm. I mean, it's an e-thing, right?So - I don't charge the Playbook until morning, the idea being I want to quickly top it up while I do email, ablutions, coffee, stuff. If I don't get around to charging, forget, don't have time, no biggie, it'll still be going the next day. The late night reading is what I used to do with books, and want to be able to do with a tablet, sans the reading light. So, interim verdict: this thing is better than expected. By a wide margin, even, and it sharing the 9700's internet is a total Godsend. Not so nice: it needs more charging power than the Blackberry phones do, and so needs its own, more powerful, charger. I like being able to use one charger for different devices, and charge from PC or laptop USB ports, but while the Playbook will run on the "regular" charger, it won't actually top up its battery that way, although it will on the Blackberry car adapter. But battery life is vastly better than I expected - let me put it like this: I haven't added something else I need to make sure is charged in the morning - I do with my phones, whether they need it or not, as I am paranoid about a phone dying in the middle of the day, and not being reachable, and the same goes for my laptop, which not only tops up overnight, but needs to run its disk cleanup and virus scanning routines when it isn't being used, then a quick backup in the morning.I was particularly interested in reading free "epub" format books and publications - the Kobo Reader software that comes with the Playbook does not allow this - and as it turns out the online service bookworm.oreilly.com enables reading .epub format freeware. Because the Playbook can be online all the time, either via WiFi or via the Blackberry handset (or both at the same time!), there isn't an issue with having to have an ebook downloaded on the tablet - I have to yet test extensively how well or badly this works when on the road, when your network connection may "glitch", but so far I am pleasurably reading a Philip K. Dick (lucky me, I am a scifi aficionado) novel using the Oreilly service, which is free, while Oreilly additionally gives access to "Feedbooks", which has public domain, free and paid content. The Blackberry appstore otherwise has plenty of free and paid applications to give the Playbook that little extra. Given that tablets that don't use a major operating system are limited in what they can do, the discounted Playbook provides a cheap alternative to expensive tablets, just to Blackberry handset owners. I personally believe tablets are toys, neither phones nor computers, and as such I suppose RIM has inadvertently created a niche - perhaps they'll get their marketing in gear to where they'll offer a Blackberry handset-Playbook combo, to drive home to the consumer how this was architected in the first place. I should add the Playbook will happily function on just WiFi, or tethered to a non-Blackberry phone, I just have my doubts it'll give you value for money that way, considering it cannot then use the mail and browser databases that are accessible to it if you use it with a Blackberry phone.My verdict: if you are a Blackberry phone user already, shop around, the 16 GB version is certainly worth a couple hundred dollars, and as it can use the memory in your Blackberry as well as its own, and can be online to your web server 24/7, I don't know that you need a version with more memory - besides: the less memory, the longer the battery will last.
tablet_blackberry|By far, the playbook has the best specs in the $200 range tablets you can find. No other tablet in this price range even comes CLOSE to what the playbook has inside it's well developed frame. I've owned a lot of tablets and nothing can even compare to the playbook in aspects of hardware.So why the 3 stars?Simple, the total lack of apps. Sure it had great specs on paper but without the app to support it, it's pretty useless. Let's face it, the majority of people who get tablets are looking to it as a tiny entertainment center on the go or at home. Sure, RIM's App World has some apps but most of them are not useful to your every day users. I'm not speaking for everyone here since this is my own review but I find the lack of apps really depressing. I loved this tablet, best tablet I've owned so far but it was just missing something about it. It's like if you built a robot and you add parts to it so it can do anything but you forget to add the software for it to function and just doesn't do anything at all. I know OS 2.0 promises to add android apps but it all depends on the developers to think if it's even worth creating or porting apps over to the Playbook. Call me an app whore or an app-digger but once this guys gets more apps in it, I'll be glad to take it back.
tablet_blackberry|BB Playbook is a must have for those who use BB phone connecting to work's outlook. I have a blackberry w bes connecting to my company's outlook (email, contacts, task, calendar). I love the BB bridge which via bluetooth, allows the Playbook to access my bb's email, contacts, task, calendar, as if I were looking right at the BB phone handset. So when a message comes to my work email or my personal email, it will be transferred by bes to my handset. As long as the playbook is within a short distance and w bluetooth connection turned on, the message then appears on my playbook. So cool. The nice thing about this bridge, is when the bluetooth connection is lost/shutdown then nothing is left on the playbook. Nice and secure.I tried Droid phone before with Good for the enterprise App, only for 2 days before I sold the samsung S2 and went back to blackberry 9810. Good for the enterprise app is no where near the functionality of BB BES. for example, you cannot use any market app with the contacts & email & calendar (no task is transferred) of the Good for the enterprise app. You are forced to have 2 separated contacts list : one for the outlook at work and one for your personal. Too much details to handle for me. Secondly, the contacts on the Good app is sorted by first name, so if you have a family with smith as last name, their contacts will be sorted by first name and not together as smith, john & smith, linda. For a large outlook contacts, that first name sort is just a big hassle.I finally bought 2 playbooks, 1 w 64 GB for me and 32 GB for my daughter. Price has dropped to a very affordable $200.Screen is bright and clear. As usual the quality built of BB devices is paramount. PB feels solid but not to heavy and big like 9 or 10 in device.By the way, the browser works so far with every thing i threw at at. I even have my wife as a school teacher to access her Citrix's OUTLOOK and school applications on the PB. They work just like a normal PC.Great device.
tablet_blackberry|Whilst not perfect (but then again what is?), I'm lovin' my blackberry playbook. Why? Because of the really smooth swipe interface, solid hardware specs, good multi-tasking capability, a web browser that supports Adobe Flash,and its ability to run converted android apps. Not to mention the other features that come with OS 2.0. Also got my 64GB playbook at a rockin' price. No regrets...no regrets.
tablet_blackberry|I currently have a Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.l and previously owned the first generation iPad as well as the Nook Color (both since sold via EBay). I bought the Playbook 16gb as I wanted a smaller-scale tablet and the price was attractive. I'm finding myself the Playbook far more than my previous tablets or the Samsung. It's a comfortable size, solid build and the screen is very sharp and responsive. The operating system provides a much smoother experience than either Android or Apple and the browser is nothing short of amazing compared to other tablets I've used. The OS2 upgrade + additional apps make this a powerful workhorse. Kindle books look great on the screen as well. Don't get this if you are looking to play around with lots of apps, as the selection is pretty thin. That said, so far the only thing I'm missing is Netflix--Pandora and Rhapsody work great and the speakers are far superior to other tablets on the market.
tablet_blackberry|Just bought this tablet a week ago for my wife, it's the first tablet we've purchased, and in all honesty she always had her heart set on an IPAD. With so many different tablet flooding the market we took our time to research, and after reading up on the playbook, knowing that it's a blackberry product, and having some hands on time with it at BestBuy, we went with the 32gb playbook. Now we have several computers at home connected to our router, even my new LG TV and Xbox are both wireless and connected. But our wireless at home has always seemed much slower, but not with the playbook. It loads pages quick, the OS is easy and simple, and it's just a solid tablet. But since my wife and I have blackberry's for work, being able to bridge the playbook to your phone is great, and allows for your playbook to have access to web through your phone while on the road. And that is one thing that seperates this tablet from the rest to me, as we don't need to have a specific 3g plan. Now the playbook is much smaller than the IPAD, but it's an easy hold in your hand, even for our kids. Graphics on the screen are great, you can't go wrong.
tablet_blackberry|What an awesome tablet! BlackBerry does it again with a great tablet that outperforms others in every way!! The Business professional will love it because of it's great features including the Security of the operating system. I highly recommend it for anyone looking for a tablet of this type, especially college students. The screen is a true 1080p HD screen that is a joy to use! Keyboard is laid out logically and is fully featured. Being able to link it to my BlackBerry Bold is very helpful and it has more memory than all the others out there of this type! For a 7 inch tablet the capabilities are all here and working so well my company is picking up more of these for our employees in the field!The price coming down tons very affordable level makes this great tool even better! Bottom line? This is a great tablet from a great company and I know that me and everyone else that gets one of these will want to see BlackBerry keep this on the market for a long time! Customer service is especially great when you have employees at BlackBerry like Spencer from Costa Rica who really knows his stuff that you get on the phone!
tablet_blackberry|I bought this item to use for my school books, and i absolutely love it. I can read my school books, play games, type school work out, and many other things as well.
tablet_blackberry|Well, after reading so many mixed reviews about the Blackberry Playbook, I decided to buy it. As soon as I turned it on, it automatically updated to the OS 2.0 version. This product is extremely easy to use. It has a great feel to it, perfect size, amazing price, great speakers, and very fast. I do not know why anyone would choose an iPad over this product. I am 100% satisfied with my purchase, and I would highly recommend this product.
tablet_blackberry|This is the best tablet by far superior to any other tablets on the market right now with the upgrade version OS2. I`m so glad I bought this Playbook 32GB in Montreal Canada , just one day before the release of OS2, for $230 Canadian( about 225 US). It`s a steal at this price. Don`t hesitate, buy it, you won`t regret it. Forget about Samsung and Ipad tablets.
tablet_blackberry|I'm a big fan of the PlayBook with OS2.0. When i am at home, I never put it down. I watch movies on my tv through HDMI out, use it to display recipes when I am cooking, and read blogs and books in bed. The size is perfectly portable and it fits very nicely in any of my purses.
tablet_blackberry|Great device. My wife uses it for her e-mail, and to check weather and news. It is great on power consumption. I play music from it to my Logitech Bluetooth receiver. Works great and will play in standby mode. Was not sure if I would be happy, but could not be happier. Before I had to wait to power on my net book or Desktop if I wanted to send a picture, but now all I do is go out of standby, take the shot with the camera app, and the e-mail to my e-mail account which is displayed in contacts. Really this saves me a bunch of time. The device is well built. As far as not having enough apps it has everything we need. Not sure why everyone gets hung up on app count. Windows always had more programs than Macs, but people still used Macs.
tablet_blackberry|I have played with the Apple and Samsung products and find the Blackberry Playbook does everything I need in half the size. Who said a small tablet would never be popular? If the others don't reduce their size in time, they will fall behind. I mainly use my Playbook for business but of course it plays angry birds the same as the others with beautiful clarity. Why would anyone carry a big tablet when the Playbook does everything. Maybe the others carry more apps but come on let's face it, most of them are absolutely useless.
tablet_blackberry|i love my tablet, i am from chile, south america, and i rock with the playbook in my work, its look great, its work great, two things that would be better about the playbook:1.- the possibility to use an stylus pen made specially for rim.2.- more applications, similar than the android.-i'll buy again.-
tablet_blackberry|I read several negative comments about this table but I still decided to gamble 200 dollars and get one. I have an iphone so the logical thing would have been to get an ipad but I did not want to spent 500 on it. After a month of using the playbook I can say this is a great tablet and I am very happy with it. It might not have all the apps available for ios but it does everything else very well, like web browsing which is what I need the most.
tablet_blackberry|In my opinion the best OS on the market, it's really a pity it has not the Calendar, Contact and email stand alone solution, we wait for the OS 2.0 and I think it will be the best tablet on the market too.
tablet_blackberry|I've had my 64GB Playbook for 2 weeks now and here are my initial thoughts.The Pros:Solid piece of hardwareForm factor is perfect for portabilityAudio is superb as is video playbookInitial setup was a breezeI like the OS and it provides true multi-tasking although the browser and other app's have 'crashed' on several occasions.The browser does render web content quite well and the flash support is great.Some have complained that the power button is hard to press, not so on mine and even so it's a bit of a non-issue. You can shut down or hibernate the playbook via a control on the screen and awaken it from hibernation with a swipe gesture from the bezel onto the screen. The gesture controls in general are quite intuitive to learn and really make navigation efficient and easy.The Cons:I am not overly impressed with the battery life, compared to my Ipad it's actually quite poor.No native e-mail and calendar support is absurd, this will hopefully be a non-issue once OS 2.0 is released later this month.App store really is lacking in quality apps, I am hoping that RIMS push to have android developers port their apps to the PB plays off.A lot is riding on the release of OS 2.0 this month, I think if RIM executes it properly the Playbook will see some life, it really is a great device. However if RIM blows it, I think I just bought myself an expensive paperweight.I'll update my review once I have had a chance to run OS 2.0 on it.
tablet_blackberry|I got this for my husband, and he seems to enjoy it, i was playing on it and it goes smoothly. Its quick, good speakers, lots of stuff to do. As far as the apps, i am not sure what kindof apps people want on there tablets, but to me they had a bunch of apps not as many as itunes, but they seemed to have a lot to me. We had a problem at first getting it to connect to our wi-fi, we had to mess with it a bit to get it to continue after it connected, but now it runs smooth. I put some songs off of itunes on it, was really easy and now the itunes library is on their. SO, its good for its price, and fun to use, small and easy.
tablet_blackberry|I had reservations in buying this tablet mainly because it does not have as many apps as an android. But my reservations have disappeared. This is a really good tablet and the price is excellent. It shows videos in High Definition and these can also be connected to a TV or projector to view them on a larger pallet. The battery life is about 10 hours but I had to fully charge and drain the battery before it got to that capacity. The apps are really good and being 7.1 ins it is perfect for reading. All in all I would highly recommend this product. In comparison to the competition you will. not be disappointed.
tablet_blackberry|I bought my Playbook about a month ago, and I'm still impressed every time I fire it up. The Playbook looks great, works great, and is much easier to work with than my Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1, which I sold after I bought this. I realize there is some risk in backing a device and a company that seems on its way down, but I'm happy enough with just the browser and ability to check email to make it worth the much-reduced price...if RIM delivers on its promise that better things are ahead, this is going to turn out to be a steal. No matter what, if you're daring enough, you can install and run Android apps on the Playbook now that the technologically-savvy have posted how-to guides all over the internet.Bottom line: Best tablet I've seen. Not much downside given the price, and possibly a tremendous upside.
tablet_blackberry|Terrific productivity tool. I wrote an entire PhD admission essay on this thing with no issues. It's true that there are limited apps (most notably no Netflix and no Kindle) but I've willingly sacrificed those for the Bridge capabilities, smooth multitasking, and a strong and secure operaring system. Plus, the lack of a Kindle app is remedied by the Kindle Cloud Reader, which works flawlessly on the Playbook.If you use a Blackberry phone, this is definitely the tablet to get. The Bridge capability turns your cell phone into a mobile hotspot so you're never without WiFi. Even without a Blackberry phone, if you want a tablet for productivity purposes the Playbook is an excellent choice. If you want a tablet for game playing and media consumption there are better choices.p.s. this review was written on the Playbook in less than 5 minutes...
tablet_blackberry|Super hardware!! Nice native apps!! Perfect price!! I don't care that I can't get to the thousands of Google apps!! I would have taken a star off for the low quantity of native apps being produced, but didn't, because of all the people who gave the Playbook a 1 star rating JUST because of the lack of Google apps. Come on people, you read the reviews here - if you want Google apps then buy an android phone! 98% of the available apps on Google Market (Play?!) are developed for 3" screen sized phones, not 7+" tablets! The Playbook does need more serious tablet software developers, but that requires more Playbook owners. Read the reviews and decide, I'm glad I did!
tablet_blackberry|In terms of ease and look, Blackberry Playbook OS is the best mobile platform. This is coming from a person who currently owns a Windows Phone 7, an Android Phone, and an iPad 2. I bought the Playbook with much hesitation and little expectation. The $299 price convinced me to get it. Now, I'm happy I got it. I love the 7-inch screen size. It's so much more comfortable to hold and thus, more portable than the iPad 2. The Playbook doesn't have mobile broadband, only WiFi; so I have to use my cell phone's WiFi Hotspot to connect it to the Internet. Not a big deal. The biggest drawback is Blackberry's AppWorld, which does not offer a few apps I would like to have such as Words With Friends and Google Voice. I think RIM has an awesome mobile OS, better than iOS and Android. They just need to attract more 3rd party support.
tablet_blackberry|It's getting tiring to see that people are giving the BlackBerry Playbook a bad review -- most if which are completely stupid and unneeded. Before buying this (or anything for that matter) do your research. Google and Yahoo is full of links, which will take you to sites such as CNET, Engadget, etc... They all have a review on their sites. All the complaints about not having enough apps in the App world, not having native apps such as BBM, email, etc, and the screen size being too small is unneeded. I saw one review in which the reviewer didn't like this because of the screen size, then stated that he/she is gonna get the Samsung 7 inch tab. WTF? Do you not realize that they're both 7 INCHES??? THE SCREEN SIZE, LACK OF APPS, LACK OF NATIVE APPS, ETC... WAS A KNOWN [ISSUE] BEFORE YOU BOUGHT THIS TABLET, SO STOP GIVING IT A BAD REVIEW BECAUSE OF THESE THINGS!!
tablet_blackberry|First off, I would like to say that this Tablet is everything I've ever hoped for and then some, I have absolutly NO complaints what-so-ever with this baby, and after the price drop for only $379 you cannot beat it!With that said... There are so many reviews on here for the Playbook (all the bad reviews seem to complain about one thing, the amount of APPS, just craziness!), there is not much to be said that has not been said already, so I'll keep this simple, basically give the reasoning behind my decission to go with the Playbook over other Tablets/laptops... About 4 months back my "Acer ONE" laptop crapped out on me, and I've been saving for a new laptop ever since. It's been a hard 4 months, as I have been stuck using my Ipod Touch 1st generation to surf the net while at home, which BTW has NO Youtube or Flash on it (it had Youtube but no longer works on it anymore!)! Well, about 3 weeks back I finally saved enough and began surfing the net for the best laptop/netbooks on the market. When I started my search for a new laptop, the only thing I was looking for was a laptop, thats all I had on my mind. The main things I was looking for was a fast browser, the laptop/netbook must be small (9 to 10-inch screen or so) for potability, a decent amount of memory, a nice camera, and must be powerful enough to play movies and stream content without glitching up on me. While researching a couple weeks back, I decided to take a look at Tablets, thinking to myself that something like my Ipod but with a bigger screen would be absolutly perfect for what I was looking for! I must have looked at every Tablet on the market before deciding on the Playbook (The Acer Iconia, Moto Xoom, Ipad 2, etc), I even went to Best Buy just to test them all out, and in the end it was a no-brainer, the Blackberry was the Tablet for me. While there are some good Tablets at a cheaper price then the Blackberry, the main advantage the Blackberry has over them is Power, the camera/video (1080p video recording), the OS interface, browser speed, the size (portability), and more Power! I was amazed at the OS on this tablet, it is AMAZING!!! My favorit feature of this is to wake up the Blackberry, you simply swipe from the top edge down, and it turns on the Playbook! While there is a button to press inorder to turn off/on, you do NOT need it, a simple swipe of the screen does everything now (watch some of the Blackberry Interface video's on Youtube, you will see the beauty of the OS in it's full glory!)! I can now record video's in full 1080p and watch them on my TV with micro HDMI connection (only $5 bucks for a micro HDMI cord here on Amazon), when I am at home I surf the web on my 46-inch Samsung HD LCD Screen through my Blackberry Playbook, I watch movies, etc, all on my TV! :) I can now take wonderful Pics where ever I am without my Samsung Camera on me, the Playbook does it all! This Tablet is tiny, but the screen is sooo perfect in size, it is bigger then I expected! I was thinking that the screen was gonna be just a tad bigger then my Ipod Touch screen, NO SO! It looks more like 4 Ipod Touch screens put together, just the perfect size to read and watch movie's without having to squint. I am not a big app freak (never been), so the apps that this Playbook does have suit me just fine (Although RIM has stated they are adding apps daily, this is there first Tablet, so I do give RIM the benifit here). My goal now is to get me a Blackberry phone with a Internet plan, this way I will be able to "Bridge" the phone to the Playbook "at NO cost" and go on the internet on my Playbook anywhere there is a Cell Phone signal, so my fiance can be driving down the highway and I can be surfing the web sitting right next to her! : The awesome thing about this is you do not have to pay for a seperate plan for the Playbook, you simply buy the plan for your phone and Bridge the connection to your Playbook, and BINGO, internet everywhere! :D I also bought a "Defender Case" for my Blackberry Playbook, this case protects like you would not believe! If you decide to get this awesome Playbook, the Defender case is the only way to go! This case is sooo tuff, You can run over the Playbook with a car and there won't be a sctratch on it! Look up "Defender case for Blackberry Playbook" here on Amazon, and check the reviews. There are also video's on Youtube which shows the strenght of this case. There is nothing better then this case to protect your investment. With all this said, I am beyond happy with my Playbook, I could not be happier! If you are looking for what I was, just get this baby, you can thank me later. :):)
tablet_blackberry|I have now had my Blackberry Playbook 11 months. It was very simple to set up and worked, after charging overnight, perfectly. I needed to call support because I couldn't get it to accept my password. After about half an hour of this and that, the nice young man at support said maybe I should take symbols out of the password. (I had a very strong password with mixed capitals, numbers, and symbols.) A slightly less complicated password solved the problem. (This, by the way is not the same password you use to protect the Blackberry. This is the one they use when you register and contact them.) I have never had a smartphone, so the "Bridge" aspect was irrelevant. Although my car has Bluetooth, I use it for my cell phone, as I wouldn't be using the Playbook while driving. Having had PC's for 30 years, I had a fairly steep learning curve to use this, but there is a useful "Help" section.The screen is bright and clear. When something it too small to see, one can widen it out with one's finger tips. The ap store is easy to use, but the reviews for aps are nearly useless. I therefore have many aps that are bought and paid for that I have "deleted" but are held in a list where they can be reactivated at a moment's notice. I would certainly like not to be charged if I delete within 24 hours - or even one hour. A few aps (like one I tried for crosswords) won't enlarge with fingertips so are impossible to use.I have noticed the battery in the back heats up quite a lot while I am using it and it is not plugged in. I wonder if that is just my Playbook or is common in them all? It seems to me the battery should last more than a couple of hours of heavy use, but it doesn't. Could that be related?One can arrange the icons into logical folders so "Games" can be in one or "Utilities" or "Reference" in others. This declutters the screen and makes things easier to find.The camera works, but, compared to an ordinary small digital camera, it takes lousy pictures. I haven't tried video/phone conversations on this. (or my PC for that matter.)The Playbook fits nicely in my average sized purse, alongside my Kindle, if the Kindle isn't in a case. (A Kindle - not the "Fire" - is easier for an avid reader to read.) I bought the Playbook mainly for travel so mail and Facebook are important to me. I am still working on how I might make FB safer when traveling. I seem to be able to get it up, and even post, if I enter from the mail program. The mail program has one problem other people won't have. I have a lot of trouble deciphering little symbols instead of words. Being a cautious person, I am leery of doing a "click & see." PCs have a bubble with actual words that come up if one hovers over an icon. I very much would like to see that on Playbook.A huge disappointment for me is that I haven't figured out how to get Bridge Baron on it. The side loading instructions are quite daunting. I was going to do it, and bought it from Amazon, but it didn't seem to want to download on to my PC where I could sit with instructions in my hand and the Blackberry and PC in front of me. So it is bought, but not loaded.Now for support - which some reviews have criticized. Yesterday was the first time I needed it. I went to turn the Playbook on, and nothing happened. I plugged it in and still nothing. Not even a light on the front. I had used it that very afternoon, and the battery had been fine when I turned it off.I had a heckuva time finding Support. The Blackberry web site seems to be fiendishly designed to keep a person from locating support. I went through the FAQs, but the problem wasn't there. There was no place to e-mail. So my only hope was to call. I had resigned myself to not getting it working again because it seemed very dead. But last night I called support. A warning, before you start this process, write down the serial number in big letters because it is only readable on the box with a magnifying glass. On the Blackberry itself, it is in tiny very, very dark gray on black print, completely invisible to the naked eye, to the right of the ports on the bottom. If you have discarded the box, you will need a powerful magnifying glass with the brightest light in the house. I used +4 magnifying glasses over my regular glasses and a halogen lit magnifier meant for fly tying. You will need that serial number both on line and several times talking to support.The polite young man I spoke to had a soft voice and spoke with an accent. The poor guy had to repeat himself many times even after I switched to a phone with a volume control. He talked me through trouble shooting, and we finally got to my reloading RIM from their site to my PC(note, not the Blackberry site.) He then had me unplug and replug the Playbook in to the PC. LO! the Playbook came to life.Now, this took about an hour and a half, but part of that was a download that took about 10 minutes and gave us a break - bathroom? coffee?I have read complaints about the support. My experience is that ALL support people for any electronics are hard to find. I assume that is to keep frivolous questions away. If our problems are severe enough, we will keep at it. However, the severity means that it takes a long time to fix, but, miraculously, these things are nearly always fixable after an hour or so of trying this and that. (We called that "hacking" 30 years ago, before the definition narrowed.) This is much better than mailing it back and doing without for a couple of weeks.The bottom line is that I found support good. Not easy, but good. Also, there was no charge, despite what someone here stated. But I found a spot on the web site that said something about $29.95 so a frustrated person could easily get confused wandering around on the Support pages.So, am I happy? Yes. Would I buy it again? Probably. That would be a big "yes," if I can get Bridge Baron from the ap store. I do worry some about it heating up with a long bout of solitaire.
tablet_blackberry|Portablity and responsive. It does what all the others do and so much that they don't. Business laptop meets gaming system.
tablet_blackberry|I ordered the BB Playbook via Amazon at an amazing price, especially compared to replacing my aging wheel-based IPod. To get this much (64 gb model) for less than 1/2 price of 64 gb IPod is the steal of the century!First impressions: The device has a very high quality "touch" to it, along with a solid heft uet not too. Some devices I saw did not have this sense of a being quality build device.Second - After I turned it on and went through a few minutes of important updates (to get to the v.2 sofware), I was blown away by the quality of the graphics and the true mult-tasking of the apps as they track around. The gestures to move between apps and the operations of the tablet are both logical and very cool too. The blazing fast browser, via Wi-Fi, is faster than my laptop. At 7 inches, the tablet can fit into the front pocket of ones pants.I hope RIMM can catch some market share with the new phones coming our this week. As a former BB user now with a Samsung Andriod model, I can not wait to get back to BB. My wife has the newer version of the BB Bold and it is a well build machine.Good Luck RIMM (PS, I am not a RIMM employee nor do not live in Canada, just someone impressed with what BB is doing recently).
tablet_blackberry|I am a BB fan all the way. I still hold my phone and playbook as my loyal trusted tools in business. I go everywhere with them and I put them up against the Apple. I'm happy, and so will you be.
tablet_blackberry|I have had my Playbook for about three days and I absolutely love it. The graphics and screens are astounding! I have a few apps and games on it and the websites using the browser are amazing! This is my first tablet and I am happy I purchased it.Now regarding the lack of apps like netflix and skype, you can load those on to your tablet, but it takes a little work. I googled it and found a video that shows you step by step how to do that. In fact the latest update lets you run android apps on your tablet, you just have to figure out how to get them on there. There's no rooting or anything, you really just need the file for the app and a computer program.This tablet is astounding! The power it has is amazing. I do not have a Blackbery phone but I am considering getting one now that I have the Playbook. It's simply amazing what you can do on it and the apps that can be found on it. I am happy I decided to get this tablet. This is definitely one of the best on the market that I had looked in to. I would almost stop using my computer, ALMOST!
tablet_blackberry|Was trying to decide which tablet to get for my own use. ASUS and Nexus almost got me to bite. Then this little guy caught my eye. I did not even originally consider it. Had some decent reviews on the net plus can now run Android Apps.Apprehensive at first but went for it to be able to bridge with my corporate provided BB smartphone. Figured I could not be that disappointed at the greatly reduced prices. Went for the max with memory and got the 64 GB version(too low cost to pass up).Surprise! It does everything I want it to do and much more. I particularly like to stream 1080P movies to my HDTV with it via HDMI, much better than the home theater components with built in WIFI. The BB bridging function allows me to access work email without using VPN and gives me more flexibility and ease of dealing with the myriad of emails I get. I also like the size, perfect for travel. Easier to handle and use than a larger tablet.I have successfully sideloaded many Andoid apps not available on App World and they work flawlessly. Decent battery life - lasts all day. Latest update did significantly speed up browsing which was fairly good to begin with. My son tried it out over the holidays and discovered it was faster than his $600 tablet.BB has always been good to me. I hope BB 10 is a sucess so they survive. I still can do more REAL work with a BB than with other smart phones.
tablet_blackberry|You can pick this up at Best Buy or Staples for $299 at the moment.This lightweight tablet makes for a great surfing and video streaming device for the couch, car and office.The OS is quite nice, with a major update slated for later this month.Free games selection is great, I've found a lot of nice games that entertain and teach, which is a lot of fun with my kids.
tablet_blackberry|It has several things to improve, some flaws at times to connect different Blackerry through the bridge. Excellent sound quality and high definition, would be ideal to accept external memory.Although there are many applications already need to continue to develop more, including applications such as Blackberry Travel and other own the phone. The Web browser is very good but still no option to use Mozilla Firefox in this tablet. Excellent video conferencing cameras very good.In other more comprehensive than the IPAD and the same level as the Samsung. Perfect size for travelers or those who like to bring technology to all parties.
tablet_blackberry|Really? The best tablet? For me it is. I love the QNX Operating System as well as the size and build of the Playbook. This is such a well made device and it has so many useful features. Of course it is not an iPad and it doesn't have as many apps either. This causes too many people to call it a failure. This tablet could fail but it certainly has potential. For anyone wondering, the apps are getting better and coming out more frequently. The new OS, 2.0, is due soon along with native email and calendar etc. The Android player is due soon, which is nice but I believe there will be more than enough native apps to make the Playbook worthwhile to more people. For me this is the best tablet, and I am a big Apple fan. Me and my wife own an iPod touch. I had the first iPhone and I own a iMac which is a great machine. There is a lot said here in the reviews about the Playbook, but if your on the fence consider getting one now. The tablet is selling well even today. There are more and more companies who make apps for Android / Apple who are making their apps for Playbook. No, Rovio hasn't made Angry Birds yet, but Electronic Arts has already made 3 popular titles available. The new OS update will give the tablet many features people have wanted since it's release and the price is coming down. I would say try the Playbook in Best Buy or wherever but that still is not the best way to judge it. You really need to have it for a week and use it. I give it 5 stars.
tablet_blackberry|I bought the PlayBook as an alternative to carrying the laptop. It is all that and more. The initial setup was a bit tricky as I had to go to an AT&T hot spot and it still took almost an hour and a half to download the software updates, but once that was done it has been smooth sailing.Love the size. It fits right in my purse. Still haven't figured out how to upload pics to facebook. But the camera is great. Wish it had a flash but it does great indoors even without the flash.Pros: the camera is great, size is ideal, internet tethering easy and quick, apps available for all I NEED to do.Cons: takes too long to recharge battery using charger that came with it.All in all, I love mine and would totally recommend it to anyone wanting an alternative to carrying a bulky laptop.
tablet_blackberry|I bought this product after a lot of careful research and when I compared it to a relatives ipad 2 he even admitted it was better. more portable, with better cameras, better at running HD videos and games, and when it comes to multitasking the ipad isn't even worth comparing. One complaint has been than there aren't enough apps I haven't found this to be the case. Blackberry Bridge is amazing as well, haven't got tethering set up yet but I'll get there.
tablet_blackberry|Pros:1 - The BlackBerry packaging was nice and professional.2 - Tablet looks brand new w/ no scratches or blemishes3 - Price on a refurbished unit is so low I had to give the Playbook a try.4 - No capacitive buttons to accidentally press during operation.5 - While you don't need to own a BlackBerry Smartphone to go out and buy a BlackBerry PlayBook tablet, if you do own both BlackBerry phone and tablet you can take advantage of the BlackBerry Bridge, which connects your tablet to your phone, allowing your tablet to act like a big touchscreen for your phone providing direct access to your phone's email, calendars, BBM files and other data.Cons:1 - Doesn't work2 - Battery won't charge (even with the official micro USB wall charger from BlackBerry)3 - No expandable memory4 - Limited apps available on BlackBerry App World5 - Side loading Android apps (convert APK to BAR) is unreliable. Some apps still won't work properly.6 - Very small power button7 - Must use official BlackBerry PlayBook charger. Other micro USB chargers won't work, effectively making this a proprietary device.I saw this BlackBerry PlayBook on sale for $129.99 for a refurbished 16GB unit on another site. I had passed on this tablet when it was released because it was so expensive and the were very little apps available for it. This low price made me change my mind. So I went ahead an ordered it and just got it in the mail yesterday.The tablet feels very sturdy. This is not a flimsy, plastic frame on this tablet. It's all black and actually looks very nice and professional.I plugged this refurbished unit in and it won't charge. When I plug in the wall charger, the indicator light turns red for about 10-15 seconds on followed by 5 blinking green lights. Then the light just turns off and nothing happens. I've tried the different tips like doing a "stacked charge" (2 minutes plugged in / 2 minutes off done six times) , but the PlayBook still won't charge. I tried doing a hard reset by holding down the power / volume buttons, but the PlayBook still won't charge.I left my BlackBerry PlayBook plugged in overnight to see if that would help. It was on the official BlackBerry USB wall charger that came with the unit for SEVEN HOURS. I got up this morning and tried to turn it on but it still won't work.I Googled "BlackBerry PlayBook won't charge" and found that this is a well documented problem on several websites and forums. BEFORE you decide to buy one of these, check it out. The prices on these 16GB BlackBerry PlayBooks are getting cheaper, so it may be worth the chance.I'm sending this refurbished BlackBerry PlayBook back as a RMA. If I had known that this tablet wouldn't work out of the box without having to go through all of this hassle just to get the battery to work, I wouldn't have bought it. Now I know there are some BlackBerry fans who really love the PlayBook, but charging a device, no matter if it's a tablet, cellphone, MP3 player or laptop should be EASY. Just plug it in and it should work. I have bought a lot of electric devices over the years. I even have cheap MP4 players that have been sitting around for months and I can pull them out, plug them in and they work without a problem.I think that it's absolutely pathetic that RIM sold a product to consumers that The battery won't charge if it gets too low. It's bad enough that you don't have access to all of the available Android apps on Play Store, but this is even worse. I bought this tablet knowing that BlackBerry's App World only has a limited about of apps available. While less functional than other 7" tablets, at the bare minimum I expected to use the BlackBerry PlayBook as a ereader, web browser and PMP. I was planning to go to goodreader.com and try to get a few Android apps missing from BlackBerry's App World like Nook, Aldiko, iReader, Audible, MoboPlayer, PlayerPro, Empire Defense 2 and Myth Defense. I also know that side loading apps is pretty much a hit or miss proposition because even if you convert a APK file to a BAR file, there's still no guarantee it will work properly. But at such a low price, I thought I'd get by until a better Android tablet hit the market. But I had no idea that there was this problem with the battery. The last thing I expected was to not even be able to turn it on.RIM did post up a couple of knowledge base article detailing the low battery state of the BlackBerry PlayBook. RIM tells us that:******When the battery level of the BlackBerry PlayBook reaches a level 0%, the tablet will automatically turn off. The LED will blink in a sequence when attempting to Power On the device indicating a low charge, red blink and then followed by 5 yellow blinks.This is because the BlackBerry PlayBook battery does not have enough charge to power up the tablet.It is recommended to connect the BlackBerry PlayBook to the Rapid Wall Charger that came with your BlackBerry PlayBook, or one of the charging accessories listed:BlackBerry PlayBook Rapid Charging PodBlackBerry Rapid Travel ChargerBlackBerry Premium ChargerPlease leave BlackBerry PlayBook plugged in for about 40 minutes or until full charge is achieved. Connecting to a PC to charge via USB will not be sufficient to charge the tablet.******RIM is obviously aware of this issue with the battery. Instead, RIM made the calculated business decision to NOT fix the batteries in the BlackBerry Playbook devices that they are manufacturing. Apparently it's cheaper to just tell consumers to go through overly convoluted steps like doing a "stacked charge". Seriously, this is where you have to press buttons, plug it in and unplug it for 2 minute intervals for half a dozen times and hope the battery will start working. The frustrating thing is doing this "stacked charge" takes almost a half hour of plugging and unplugging. I've never owned a electronic device where somebody may have to spend half a hour just trying to get the battery to work.Here's another article from their knowledge base:********KB26808 - The BlackBerry PlayBook tablet is unable to charge when powered offOverviewThe BlackBerry PlayBook(tm) tablet requires software control in order to charge. This means the BlackBerry PlayBook must be powered on in order for the battery level to increase.If the BlackBerry PlayBook is plugged into a power source while powered off it will automatically power on in order to accept the charge.If the BlackBerry PlayBook is powered off while plugged into a charging source it will not continue to charge.[...]Note: If the battery level is critically low, the BlackBerry PlayBook may remain on the boot screen until sufficient charge has been reached to fully boot the BlackBerry PlayBook.*********** Edit 8/9/12 - I got trolled when I posted my initial review, so I had to update this review with additional information that came up in the comments section.**I'll do you a favor and let you know about some of the threads on the official website for BlackBerry about problems with the battery. That's actually the FIRST site to come up when you do a Google search for "BlackBerry PlayBook won't charge".[...]9/11/2011Playbook won't Charge![...]5/8/2012Accepted SolutionI tried everything and the PlayBook won't charge[...]5/5/2012PLAYBOOK WON'T CHARGE[...]3/7/2012Playbook won't turn on, boot, or charge. LED flashing red.[...]11/23/2011Playbook won't switch on, charge or reboot![...]4/26/2011Accepted SolutionPlay book wont power up or light just blinks[...]Even the die hard fans at the CrackBerry forums have been experiencing problems with the battery not charging on a BlackBerry Playbook going back to 2011. So apparently this is a long standing problem that RIM has had over a year to fix, but didn't do anything about.4/29/2011Playbook won't charge -[...]5/8/2012Playbook Won't Turn on and Won't debricked?[...]6/15/2012Playbook won't start and solution[...]7/8/2012Playbook stuck on 0% battery[...]That's why it's so important that honest reviews on devices are so important. The average consumer is not aware of these long standing issues with the BlackBerry PlayBook. If you buy a device, you should be able to use it out of the box. Period. I base my reviews on what happens in the real world when I test the device. Real world reviews help consumers understand what to look for in making the decision whether or not to spend their money on a BlackBerry PlayBook. These Android tablets are too expensive to just throw money away on a dud. I don't work for RIM, so I write honest reviews of the products that I purchase.
tablet_blackberry|So about a year ago, I bought myself a netbook. I already own a desktop PC, and Android phone, but I wanted the netbook so I could browse the web on the go and didn't like doing it on my phone because the screen was too small. I've been eyeing the iPads for a while as well, but the price point was just a bit too high for me, seeing as you can buy a decent netbook for cheaper. I was attracted to the touch screen and all the cool little apps you can download, but when it really comes down to it, I just wanted a good portable browser that I could use comfortably for an extended period of time, which I could not do on my phone.Well, after a while of lugging the netbook around, I decided it wasn't so portable after all and more of a pain than I thought it would be to carry it around. Still, I didn't really 'need' a tablet and still didn't want to spend a lot of money for a new device, so I just stuck with it. Then a few months ago, I found out about the Kindle Fire and Nook Tablet, and realized they were both affordable enough to consider buying one. I also realized I didn't like the 10 inch tablets because they seemed too large and don't have that feeling of portability that I wanted, especially since I already have a 12 inch netbook that already feels cumbersome. I was still unsure though... I didn't know anything about the tablet market and wasn't even sure what else I'd use it for other than browsing the web and random stuff I could do on my phone. I still had my desktop PC after all.I waited a while for the reviews for both the Fire and Nook to come out, read a bunch of them, including comparisons and etc, and decided I would wait a little longer to get one since I wasn't in urgent need of one. A few weeks later, I had some extra cash lying around and decided I was going to bite the bullet and finally order a tablet. I read some more reviews, and based off of those, I realized the Kindle Fire and Nook Tablet were just too locked down for me and just seemed like a hub for spending more money on their stores. Some of the negative reviews said the browsers were sluggish or kind of jumpy sometime, and that made me more uncertain. I decided to look into the other 7 inch tablets and see what the difference was between all of them, and see why those tablets cost more. Just for research's sake.Thats when I came across the Blackberry Playbook. I saw that the price had recently been dropped, and even though I missed the fire sale, the $300 price point is still doable (I actually have the 64GB version). Especially for the impressive hardware it comes with. I also considered the Samsung Galaxy 7 tab as well as the Acer Iconia, but both of those are more expensive and doesn't really come with anything that would justify spending that much more on a tablet. And of course, I went into my review reading frenzy, and despite the few negative things that people dislike about the Playbook, it didn't really bother me much and I decided to give this product a chance and boy am I glad I did!Here's what made this purchase worth it for me and why I am very satisfied with it.-Fast full flash browser. A slow, jerky browser would certainly get on my nerves, everytime I use it. This is important. A lot of other tablets have sub-par browsers and the Playbook browser is surprisingly fast.-Smooth seamless UI. The QNX OS. Like another review stated, I do not want to feel like I am using a large version of my phone, nor do I need another 'compact netbook' device. I want a product that feels unique and different. This is a versatile and powerful electronic toy in a sense. It does everything that I want, and does it well. I don't really care that it isn't Android, especially since it seems to work just as well, if not better.-Beautiful screen. Everyone can agree on that.-Very high quality speakers and placed in a practical location on the device (on the front sides). I really dislike when the speakers are on the back or can easily be muffled, or if they sound cheap and crackly. The volume level is impressive too.-5MP rear and 3MP front facing camera. Most of the other tablets in this price range do not include a camera. I don't think I'll use it that much, but this was definitely a perk as I still want to have it just in case I do decide to start using it. And who doesn't like taking self photos??-You can tether your phone and get GPS as well.And for those who are worried about the lack of apps in the store... I will admit, the store does not have hundred thousands of apps like the other stores, but I do not really feel that limited. There are still plenty of apps, and a lot of free ones as well. And for those who don't know, a new OS release is coming out soon for the Playbook that should fix all those problems that the haters have been complaining about. And honestly anyone who complains about the tiny power button... it's tiny for a reason. It's hard to hit for a reason. Do you want to accidently turn your tablet off in the middle of using it? After you turn it on, you don't even need to turn it off really! You put it in standby mode and all it takes to turn it back on is a simple swipe from top to bottom of the screen. The standby mode does not drain much battery at all. Seriously... sometimes I feel like people just have to find something to complain about because they are fanboys to the other two A words.TLDR: If you want an impressive piece of hardware at a great price and a fast and unique OS, get the Playbook. And if you're concerned about the apps, wait for the new OS release. And if that's still not good enough for you, go buy yourself a dang Apple or Android tablet and stop hating. Trust me, just because they do a lot more marketing and are more popular, does not make them flawless. If you're a TRUE hipster, you'll get off that bandwagon and give this one a chance.
tablet_blackberry|After doing much research and having tried all the premiere tablets on the market, I landed on RIM's BlackBerry Playbook. I tried out the iPad 3 and I was not terribly impressed. It felt very fragile in my hands, like it could break if I squeezed it too hard, the speakers truly suck as they sound tinny, and these are problems are significant given the money Apple charges. I have a BB smartphone and I have always been impressed at how well-made their products are. This made the playbook a no-brainer for me...I had no idea just how superior it is...the QNX processor is lightning fast and can easily manage several open windows. You can edit word documents, spreadsheets, and it has flash player which iPad does NOT. The screen and video camera is HD. I opted for the 64gb model, as the price difference between the three sizes is negligible so it's worth it to upgrade to 64gb. Though, with cloud storage, for most people, 16gb is probably plenty. The touch keyboard is exceedingly comfortable and the most intuitive I have ever used...it really does learn how you write and anticipates your word choices. It has a port for a micro hdmi cable so you can enjoy your downloaded content on your hdtv. I bought this cable (sold separately)for only 4 bucks on amazon. The PB is comfortable to hold as the build quality is immediately apparent. It does not feel like it's going to fall apart if you drop it. The processor is faster than any laptop I have ever used. The web browser is like flipping pages in a book. If you have BB phone...it open up a flurry of additional features called BlackBerry Bridge. The bluetooth connection syncs the two devices so you can manage appts, contacts, view, receive and reply to your text messages using your BB smartphone as a transmitter. Your phone can be used as a remote control when watching a video or listening to music and you can browse the website for your phone's keyboard...it is a really amazing set of features...and best of all you can use your BB phone's data package to use 3/4g connectivity if you do not have access to to wife/hotspot so you do NOT need to sign up for a data service.If it seems I am gushing over this product, it's because it's that good. So those of you who may think BB products are out, this will remind you as to why BB has such loyal fans. And finally, it is simply priced...nowhere else will you find a tablet of such superior quality, enormous storage, awesome features, great versatility (ideal for home and work) and just plain fun for the jaw-dropping low price as I purchased it for slightly over 200 bucks (reg 700). Do not waste your money on the iPad...RIM has outdone themselves with this tablet. Outstanding product.Note: just to recommend some accessories to maximize your enjoyment...make certain to get a case of some description...there are many which come with a bluetooth keyboard built in...I opted for the Otterbox Defender as I have 2 year old twins and this case can take a beating and perfectly preserve your tablet. It has a built-in screen protector and a tough outer protective layer. Its an amazing case which provides a complete solution. I also recommend a micro hdmi to reg. Hdmi cable and extra charger. Getaway good quality case for it as it will eliminate the need and cost of an extended warranty/service plan for it.
tablet_blackberry|The play book is awesome. I've had mine for one year and I can tell you the only thing it is lacking is full app store. However, you can side load them from the android store.PRO's1. Can play ANY type of movie video with limited conversions and it can be transferred wirelessly by laptop or PC easily. NOT a cumbersome Itunes setup.2. Seamless emails are pushed and notifications are awesome.3. When I had my blackberry phone......anywhere INTERNET tethering.4. Screen is crisp enough to watch movies on.5. $2.99 HDMI to microHDMI plug on Amazon connects to HDTV and PLAYS Awesome quality (depending on copied movie quality)6. CUSTOMER SERVICE IS SECOND TO NONE. Maybe thats why they cant stay afloat as a company :(CONSNative APP Store lacking, but if you dont use many apps, then get this for the price.
tablet_blackberry|I bought my 1st playbook on E-Bay brok it first week and sent it back, I tried it again and I am proud that I did. Gret product, I am a minister and use my playbook to wright my sermons via bluetooth keyboard. I have downloaded the Holy Bible and I can easly open docks to go start a new Sermon, open Bible select chapter annd verse copy and close reopen docs past my coppied selection, It also has self corecting typing, especilay since I cant type. Sine I was previousley an android user and fan the BB PlayBook was dificult to learn. But I am learning every day more ways yo use it. I gtve it an A+++++++ and mine is just a 16 Gb bout then again I'm not a gamer. I usw a 300 gig laptop had it 4 years and still have 289 gig free.I'll end by saying don't be afraid to buy one, you won't be disapointed.
tablet_blackberry|Using this tablet for several months, the pros far out weigh the cons, and I can recommend it highly. After trying all contenders, the Blackberry Playbook 32G won by a nose and this is why.The case is sturdy metal, feels substantial, and does not flex. The screen is gorgeous, brightness and contrast make text crisp and color images pop.Finger response is first rate right out of the box, not overly sensitive, and can be tweaked. I like the intuitive fingerswipe sideways to close an app, as well as open program page pulldown from screen top.The system upgraded at first start, took only a few minutes, and now more apps than I will ever need are available. FB, the browser itself, and my email client (gmail) work perfectly, and tethers with bluetooth to most cellphones, mine is an older samsung 3G.Wi-fi is strong, connecting, and maintaining a connection at home or on the go without a hitch. The sound is very loud and clear, with nice response- great for gaming, music, movies, whatever, frankly puts apple and nexus 7 to shame, and there are 2 speakers, not 1 BTW.I have the rapid charging stand which is twice as fast(a charge lasts 10+hours btw, days on standby), and provides a nice pedestal to perch while not in use. I did not have any issues as some mentioned with the standard plug in charger, it was tight and secure, but I could see where the connector could break if bent or forced at the insertion point. I purchased the playbook because of past experience with the brand, the perceived quality, nice price, software updates, processor speed, and just a general balance of design and function. Many will underestimate blackberry, and I think apple already has. Schools and businesses are snapping up the playbook for a reason, these are sturdy and secure. I realize the market has many choices, the hd nook, the kindle fire, and the nexus 7 I feel were close in usability, and may suit those who will spend more time in the B&N, Amazon (with ads), and Google worlds. The nook hd felt sleek and light but flimsy, the nexus has only one weak sounding speaker, and the kindle hd was slow and heavy. At present PB has no netflix, skype or kindle apps, but it will video chat with other playbooks, and has a kobo app. There is no app for gps function that really functions, and no sim card slot to allow direct access to a data plan. BB will soon offer new models that will. What the playbook does, it does well in my view. With the next software update, it will be even better. My plans are to use this for travel and home convenience, so extra doo-dads do not impress me, but the quality and intuitive simplicity do.
tablet_blackberry|I bought my PB six months ago, and would be lost without it. Perfect size to carry in my purse, I use it constantly at home or on the go.Fantastic value for the $200 price, quality build, blazing fast. Takes great photos, can share them via email or social networking sites instantly. Tethered to my phone, it works seamlessly at no extra data charge.Love, love, love the interface, true multitasking. Effortless, elegant.I bought an iPad2 a few months prior, at five times the price, hate the clunky slow interface and never use it anymore, too big and heavy to carry around. I work in a large IT department, many of my colleagues have made the change from iPad to PB in the past few months, it's just a better device for business or pleasure.My favourite application is library one, download free books from any public library. More apps available every day.Bought three PB's as gifts for family members, wonderful gifts for great value. Our home PC is rarely used anymore.A writer friend bought one with accessory keyboard , she travels a lot and loves keeping a journal on the road. Last trip she forgot her camera but was thrilled with the PB camera and ability to email quality photos from the road. Another friend with athletic kids videos them at competitions and can keep up with work while traveling to away games.RIM needs to work on their marketing!
tablet_blackberry|I love this thing!----- (update) ------Tip to improve WiFi receptionThe 2.4 Ghz WiFi antenna is in the upper left hand corner in landscape orientation. Wrapping your hand around this corner to hold Playbook, as I like to do, reduces WiFi signal strength a lot (a bar or two, factor of x100 or 20 dbm), which can be the difference between getting online or not when traveling. A simple trick to get good WiFi reception while still holding Playbook with the left hand is just flip the Playbook over so the 'Blackberry' logo is on top. This puts the most commonly used 2.4 Ghz WiFi antenna on the right.Check out the 'SANOXY Bluethooth Keyboard for iPad'. It's a very inexpensive bluetooth keyboard that works fine with Playbook.--------------- 7" screen size is fine, sharp as a tack (viewed with reading lens of bifocals), bright and colorful, sound good, screen responsive to touch. Swipes easy to learn.On browser homepage On my desktop browsers I have all my frequently visited links in a single custom .html file that I set as my homepage. To me a custom .html homepage is essential, it makes bouncing around the web fast and easy. I first tried copying my custom .html file into the 'Document' folder, but found it was not visible under 'Document' icon, but later going backdoor I got it installed as the browser homepage. Here's the procedure:Type into browser: file:///accounts/1000/shared(note 3 ///)This brings up a simple file manager that allows you to see what files are in memory and even to launch them. In the Document folder was my custom html homepage file, which I had earlier copied over via USB. Tapping the filename loaded it into the browser, and holding my finger on it allowed me to copy the filename (via the copy box). Finally going into the browser settings I was able to paste the filename into the homepage window. Now every time I start the browser up comes my custom homepage.Another neat trick is to have alternate start links for the browser on your home screen. This is done by clicking the star+ button and selecting add to home screen. For example I have a icon that will start the browser at the New York Times and another for local radar.On media filesMP3 files can simply be copied over and will play. Video files are more difficult. I have a library of captured .flv files and captured TV shows in .ts format, some of which I would like to put on the Playbook to view when out of WiFi range. However, neither of these file formats is supported directly on the Playbook. In principle there are two options: copy over the file and use an app that does on the fly conversion, or two, preconvert the file to a supported format (like .avi or .mp4). I experimented with both. There are several apps that claim to allow you to play .flv files on Playbook. I bought one for $0.99 and while it played .flv files, it was not clean (position slider did not work). I tried a couple of converter programs, which you run on your desktop before downloading. The best (by far) was Freemake Video Converter, not only is it free, but it's simple to use and will convert a batch of files in one shot. I found it shrank the file size of .ts files, which are initially quite large, by roughly x3 and expanded the size of .flv files, which are initially small, by roughly x2.-------------update My tests show HD (1080p) videos taken by Playbook are quite large, about 6 Gbyte/hour. I found running them through Freemake Video Converter with NO change in resolution, file type, or video quality reduced file size to 2 Gbyte/hour, a factor of 3. Very handy if you want to keep lot of Playbook video stored on the Playbook.-------------Before converting a lot of files I did several tests comparing file formats and resolution. Freemake Video Converter makes it easy to reduce file size by lowering resolution. Tests with a sharp HD video showed no difference that I could see between 1080p and 720p on this small screen, so I decided to go with 720p. This resolution reduces .ts file size by a factor of 4. Reducing quality to TV level, still very watchable, reduces .ts file size by a factor of six.Quick tests of various formats (avi, mp4, wmv) showed no significant difference in quality or file size and all seemed to play fine on Playbook, so I choose avi and began converting. This turned out to be a mistake. Not one of the first three converted TV shows (1 hr) would play correctly on Playbook. One refused to open and other two gave an error when the slider was moved, though all played correctly on my desktop. The only reason I can come up with is that Playbook has a problem with long files in avi format. My quick tests had been with short files. I then noticed that it says in the Blackberry document, 'Supported Media Types on Blackberry Tablets', avi. wmv, and mp4 are "supported", but the "recommended video format for local playback" is mp4. So I reconverted the same three TV shows to mp4, also lowering the resolution one step to 720p, and now all played fine on Playbook. So my recommendation is stick with mp4, which is the format Playbook uses for its own videos, and reduce resolution to 720p (1280 x 720).WiFi file transfer A neat trick to easily transfer files to Playbook from your computer over WiFi (no cable!) is to put a shortcut to Playbook on your Windows desktop. Set the 'target' of the shortcut to either the IP of your Playbook (found under About, Network) or the 'Tablet Network Name', which you can change (found under Storage and Sharing, Network properties) preceded by \\ (two backslashes). When you click on the shortcut, Explorer opens and Playbook will appear as a Network device. Click the Media folder and you now have access to all Playbook media folders. For this to work the Playbook 'WiFi Sharing' setting (in Storage and Sharing) needs to be ON. Transfer rate is a little slower than with a USB cable (about half), but perfectly usable.(update) For some non-transfer operations, like file rename, I find USB more reliable than WiFi.Html files, pdf files and File managerThe Blackberry (so called) "File Manager" doesn't show file details, and critically (for some weird reason) it hides local html files, though it does show local pdf files and allows you to open them. Real file managers are available in App World. A pretty good basic file manager (free) is 'AIR Browser' and better is 'File Browser' (a buck).'Air Browser' and 'File Browser' provide a way to work with local html files, they show them and will open them in the browser. Once open in the browser local html files work well, all the internal and external links work. I find it frustrating that Blackberry doesn't provide direct support for local html files, because I have a whole library of such files that I want to use on the Playbook.PrivacyA useful app for file privacy is 'File Shield' (buck). It provides a simple way (without passwords!) to hide videos, photos, and documents. In the app directories and individual files can be toggled between private and public. When set to private, files and directories effectively disappear, visible neither to Blackberry applications nor file managers.Bugs and weirdnesses I bought just after OS 2 release and my OS upgraded to 2.0 when my new tablet initialized. Here are the bugs and weirdnesses I have found in a week or so of use.-- I initally wrote that my volume up/dn buttons had never worked and assumed it was a software bug because I read someone else reported volume buttons stopped working after an upgrade to OS 2.0. See comments where Ronald kindly set me straight.-- Video application has a couple of drawbacks, one is no folders. In the pictures application if you organize picture files in subfolders, the opening screen shows only the subfolders. Not so with the video application. You can put videos in subfolders, but the video application still displays all your videos files on the opening screen. Primitive and inconsistent. Even more surprising the video application displays videos (with the formats it supports) regardless of the folder. Put a video in say, Voice folder, and it still shows up under Videos.-- The video application provides two display views: Downloaded Videos and Recorded Videos. Videos uploading to the Camera directory are displayed in the Recorded Video view ordered by the file time stamp, so some separation of videos is possible. Videos in the Downloaded Videos view are ordered alphabetically, No other sort appears to be possible.-- Document mode of the browser does not work right in portrait orientation (tested with New York Times articles)-- a Hotmail text message in browser would not finger expand-- Adobe's pdf reader come installed on the Playbook, but it is not well integrated with the browser. When a pdf link in the browser is clicked, instead of just opening the file your only option is to download the file.-- 'Power Off' is a built-in Blackberry app with just three power buttons that are the same as under the battery icon. 'StandBy' in the app does not put the tablet to sleep (as it should), it does a ReStart (locking up your machine for two minutes)! You have to wonder just how much testing Blackberry does when a trivial app like this does not work right after a major OS upgrade.-- As I discussed above, it appears the video player has a problem with long .avi files, though this format claims to be "supported".-- With Blackberry emphasis on security it is surprising its OS does not directly provide support the hiding of files.-- After a week of use the browser crashed (gray screen) requiring Playbook restart to fix it.-- On my 2nd day with Playbook it crashed (it first refused to open files, then it hung with Shutting down splash screen displayed). There is a way to hardware reset the Playbook, equivalent to holding down the power button on Windows desktops, but I had to search the web to find it. It's hold down three of top four buttons (vol up, vol dn and power) for 10-15 sec (or until you see red led). This restored my Playbook to good health with no loss of data. I took off one star (5 => 4) for the volume buttons not working (whoops, see comments) and for a system crash in two days of use.
tablet_blackberry|I have had my Playbook for about two weeks and just got the new OS 2 release. The upgrade should defuse many complaints about the product - the native email and calendar features are superb. Some Android apps were ported over to the Playbook App store - altho I have no idea which ones they are. I don't own a Blackberry phone and have no intentions of buying one. I bought this to read email on the go, to have GPS reference (available from App store, need WI-Fi access if you don't have a Phone w/data service) and, hopefully, to be able to read digitized books. So...my biggest complaint is the lack of a feature for reading DRM-protected books. You can get an app that does a nice job on the classics available from Gutenberg, etc., but I can't even download books from my library - at least I haven't figured out how yet. That and the lack of a Netflix interface seem to be the biggest complaints. The suite of apps that comes with the PB provides everything else I need.To answer some of the issues raised here - I have no problem with the "on" button. I can see how someone with very large fingers might have trouble, but I suspect the eraser end of a pencil would work fine for those who are digitally challenged. And, once you turn it on, there's no need for the button again. It will put itself in standby, and you just swipe the screen to wake it up. Also, I have no complaints about battery life - it seems OK to me, but i have not had experience with other devices for comparison.I think RIM could have a real winner here if they can get past the idea of using it to sell more BB phones. I don't think that will happen. If they develop it as a stand alone product with lots of potential, then the PB might get them on the right track again.Quick update: I have found the Overdrive app that allows me to download library books - so I would add half a star to my rating.Update #2 - also found a website that is converting free Android apps to PB format. I now have a Kindle reader and it works quite well -- occasional freezes, but nothing I can't live with. I miss the Power Off/Standby button that disappeared when I loaded the latest OS upgrade.
tablet_blackberry|First a disclaimer: I did not buy my 64GB Playbook from Amazon, but rather from RIM directly, so I can't comment on the Amazon experience.Overall Assessment: I like my Playbook and all it has to offer. My only major beef with it is the current lack of a sufficiently featured PDF reader.The details of my experience:Hardware, Setup, Performance & Quality: Initial setup of the PB was easy with setup wizard. Note that you'll need access to a WIFI network for this setup to be effective. The PB operating system sports a very elegant and easy to use interface; you interact with it via touch screen finger taps, moving gestures, and a pull-up keyboard. The touch screen is pretty responsive, though there are some buttons with a small fingerprint size that can require precision, resulting in the occasional unsuccessful tapping. Video graphic quality is excellent, the UI is beautiful and HD videos play crisp and smooth.Apps: The PB comes standard with about two dozen apps: a web browser, camera, OfficeToGo, facebook, youtube, twitter are just a few of the main ones. The blackberry appworld allows you to download more, many of them free, some of them very cheap (one to two bucks a apiece), and some nicer ones more expensive. For instance, the PB doesn't come with a file browser, but appworld provides the Air browser for free and several other file explorers for pretty cheap. While the PB appworld library is probably nowhere near as extensive as the IPad's, there are nonetheless apps for the vast majority of needs out there, and certainly a lot of great business and investment related apps.One fascinating feature for those with a Blackberry phone is Bridge, which allows you to link your phone and the PB via bluetooth. This permits syncing of email, calendar, and other data that is already on your phone. Additionally, there is a limited web browsing capability through Bridge, though it is pretty slow. You can also tether your PB's internet through the higher data stream of your BB phone, though depending on your carrier, there may be a separate data plan and additional cost required for it.I think PB's greatest chink in its armor is the lack of a good PDF reader. I have a lot of PDF references for my job, and this shortcoming was a real arrow to the knee. It does ship with Adobe Reader, but this version of the reader is virtually featureless, allowing paging and scrolling through a PDF with no option to search for text, create or find bookmarks, or make notes. There are e-readers available in appworld, such as Kobo, but none that can open PDFs. In search of a compromise, I found converting PDFs to EPUBs to be only about 20% successful. The end result is that the PB is a poor solution for interacting with PDFs at an enterprise level, which is really surprising considering the market RIM has been catering to for the past 15 years.But... the future is nevertheless promising for the playbook. Despite the reduction in production and pricing, RIM is continuing to develop and upgrade the PB operating system. Next month, the new OS2 is supposed to be officially released, and with it the Android Marketplace, which should open up PB to a wider variety of apps, including a number of superior PDF apps. I'm really looking forward to that day. There is also a lively community of users and app developers at the blackberry and crackberry forums, with tons of great information that can lead you down a rabbit hole of tweaks, jailbreaks and troubleshooting methods for the PB.A final word: considering the price of a new 64gb IPad 2 as of this writing (about $600 before tax/shipping), I'd say the Playbook is a hell of a deal. I'd also recommend shopping around and looking for the best price on the 64g PB. Best Buy discounted all models to the same price (and I am told is almost out of stock of the 64gb), as did RIM. I ended up ordering from RIM because they didn't charge me shipping or tax, the grand total was 299.99.EDIT (2/18/2012): I discovered by looking around the crackberry forums that the Repligo PDF reader is available as a sideload app. This requires your PB be updated to OS2 beta, and then you have to sideload the program BAR files using an installer like DDPB, but once that's done, this reader is amazing and provides all the features that I need to utilize my PDFs! Once the full OS2 comes out, hopefully Repligo will be provided in Appworld so you don't have to bother with sideload methods, but in any case, a PDF solution for the PB does exist.
tablet_blackberry|I have one of the first Kindles ever sold. When I heard about the Fire I was all set to upgrade to that product and give my old Kindle to my son in college. Then I saw the playbook was on sale. It really was a no brainer. I know it lacks the apps but wow does it make up for it with everything else it offers.Within half an hour it was ready to go. It does not come with a manual, but all help you need is right under the help app. The tutorials are great and very clear.Next the cameras and video. The playbook takes fantastic pictures, front and back, as well as videos. I streamed with no problems from amazon instant video stream. I also have books from amazon that I can access through their cloud reader. You have to remember to have the playbook in portrait mode, but there were all my books in a great format. Then I just bookmarked that page and put it on my homepage. Just click the cloud reader button and their are all my books. I can also access my music that is on amazon. Amazon, although I did not purchase a Fire, I will be getting amazon prime to take advantage of all that has to offer.I have an itouch for the few games I play, so the lack of apps does not bother me. I only opened it before Christmas to make sure all was okay and will now wrap it and put it under the tree. I have only scratched the surface. Can't wait to really dig in and see what it can do. If RIM goes under tomorrow, which I doubt, this was worth every penny. I believe a blackberry phone may be in my future so that I can use the bridge feature. Again, great product. Update: To access you kindle books for the playbook just type [...] and make sure you are in portrait mode on your playbook and you are set. Works like a charm!
tablet_blackberry|I was pleasantly surprised by the PlayBook. We made the purchase for my husband as the size was perfect for work and he could tether it to his Blackberry. When I got my hands on it I couldn't put it down. I currently have an iPad 2 which I'm indifferent to. I feel it's okay but it didn't excite me the way the Playbook did. To be honest I would trade my iPad in for the PlayBook in a heartbeat.Here is what I like about the PlayBook: - video recorder is 1080P and the cameras are 3 and 5 mega pixels - Flash works and I don't need to download apps just to properly view a webpage - browser loads fast (I think faster then the iPad 2) - folders are set up and it is easy to move and find what you want (I have the Torch and the set up is similar) - easy to navigate and I love how intuitive it is to useSo far I haven't come across anything I haven't liked. For my use a little bigger screen would have been nice but having said that I'm traveling tomorrow and will take the PlayBook instead of the iPad because it is more compact not to mention I like it better. I have no idea why people are critical about it. If you are considering a tablet at least try it out for yourself.
tablet_blackberry|I love my new playbook. I rather use it than my laptop. Surfing the web is so much better & having flash is awesome. The games are pretty cool as well & the interaction between my 9800 & playbook is flawless. The lack of major apps is the only negative I have on it. Great job R.I.M.
tablet_blackberry|This is my third tablet. I've had a Motorola Xoom and a HP Touchpad.The screen is very sharp, and seems brighter than the others I had. Although the screen is 7" vs ~10 on the others, I did not notice much difference when browsing the web or watching youtube videos. Both the cameras and the speakers are very good.The OS is very responsive, especially compared to the HP Touchpad. It came with a small set of apps, and the selection on their app store is limited compared to Apple's and Android's. And I had the feeling that the percentage of free apps on their app store is also much lower. - The build-in web browser is very good. - The Youtube app is missing a very important feature - you cannot log in to your youtube account from it. - The video chat app is also limited in that you can only chat with other users of Playbook. - The picture app is very basic. You can only list and see the pictures, zoom in and out.Free apps I liked: - News360 - very good news reader - Cooklet - cooking app
tablet_blackberry|At first I thought I may play with the Playbook and decide it was just a glorified toy and end up returning it. But after using it for only a few days I was really impressed and knew it was a keeper. I've been using it for about three weeks and overall I have been very pleased with my purchase.PROS-Battery life has been GREAT! Over two full days with many hours with Wifi on all the time and B/T on sometimes and I still have a little under quarter battery left. Wow! I think it was rated for 8 hours of use and I definitely have logged more hours using it. Turning of the Wifi and B/T when not needed really extends the battery life.-The Blackberry Bridge works much better than expected. I get all the PIMs from my phone plus email and BBM to mirror seamlessly via B/T. I can even access the SD card content in my Blackberry phone. I wish it was a little faster, but it's via B/T.-Tethering works well. Been able to browse w/out Wifi tethered to my Blackberry data plan at no extra monthly costs. This is an incredible advantage of this tablet.-The screen is absolutely gorgeously brilliant and navigation is very seamless with no lag time. Took just a few minutes and one how-to video to figure out the gestures (very easy and yet powerful).-Web browsing is very fast and efficient-New QNX OS multi-tasking is amazingly good. I can have multiple apps running at the same time in the background or foreground without any hiccups or lag time. Very powerful!-Built in Word, Excel, PDF, etc. is a big plus, but I don't see myself typing a document on the touch screen with my shaky hands. Maybe a b/t keyboard is in order.CONS-Lack of some apps that I expected would be there. Surprisingly Amazon is missing from the arena (even though they had said they would have Kindle for Playbook at release). Haven't found any Google Apps either (instead RIM partnered with MS for Bing). Lots of app in the app-world but not the ones I hoped for. Hopefully over time app developers will catch on to this new tablet.-It seems heavy for it's size and gets tiring to hold it for a long time. I expected it to be much lighter (maybe I need to work out more). It's a solid piece. I just hope I don't drop it since I was too cheap to flip for insurance.-Biggest con is that an SD card reader is badly needed here. It's a shame it wasn't include it. Too bad they tried to copy Apple with their silly tiered memory approach.I think overall the initial negative reviews have been overly critical of this tablet. There's definitely room for additional functionality and I can see RIM has rushed it out without some integral pieces (missing native apps like email, calendar - but bridge makes up for it connected to a Blackberry cell). However, being RIM's first tablet on the brand new QNX OS it is very impressive overall and a solid design. I'm hoping that the next big OS release will add lots more functionality.
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|OK. First off, it is a tablet with a fast dual core processor and 1GB of internal memory. So, its up to the task. The issue really is, what's the task?I am a BlackBerry user and, truth be told, lover. However, I didn't get here by blind loyalty. I followed the advice of others and researched/used the products. So, I assume that's why you are reading this, both general user on the fence and RIM loyalist alike, for perspective.The real deal is what can this tablet do right out of the box, independent of a BB device (AKA cell phone)? The answer is a lot but not as much as other tablets (specifically Apple or Android). The Playbook is poised to strike but lacks the refinement of options and applications enjoyed by other tablet types. For someone taking it out of the box and using it, they will find a smooth and effortless operating environment. All the menus flow and the graphics fly. No hesitation on most all switching of applications and functions. Screen orientation is fluid and not clunky. The Playbook gets a bad rap for lack of apps and, as i have mentioned, this is true. To be honest though, most people are surfing the web and checking email. The Playbook excels at these tasks with one large caveat, for email you need to use your e-mail provider web interface (mail.yahoo.com, gmail.com, aolmail.com...etc)or the mysterious "...BlackBerry Bridge." As of this posting, there is no email function native to the PlayBook nor is there an application for it.If you don't own a Blackberry cell phone, don't plan to own one or don't ever use (or plan to use) the email function then wait for RIM to deliver the impending software update to the Playbook that will carry with it a native email application like you see on all other tablets. If you do own a BB cell and use the email function then the BlackBerry Bridge is for you. The BlackBerry Bridge is a native function that runs out of the box. The bridge function is awesome and it basically extends your phone features (mail, tasks, calendar, BBM and some file management) to your Playbook. What this really means is you admin your email and such through the Playbook via BlueTooth to your phone. This is good and bad. The good is you can hop on and generate emails, appts, tasks and xfer some files. The bad is it requires a good BT connection and both items relatively close together and charged to the point they can use the BT radio. The real solution for this is RIM should allow your Playbook, via a native app not a bridge, to use your BIS or (if company sanctioned) BES information. Plain and simple. They have to conquer the one PIN per account issue that currently requires you to bridge to the phone, the device that holds you PIN to the BIS or BES services. Is the bridge function enough to entice someone to buy a BB device along with a PlayBook or enable emailing on their current BB at a price to the provider? No. To finish the thought, they should include with native email all the PIM functions (tasks, calendar, notes...etc) that provide a fluid information chain that is accessible and completely sync'd with a BB device (or other smart phone through Google apps or something).The web experience is excellent. Fast and uses Flash. Not much you cant do. It has its tablet downsides like sometimes you get an ad or some other in window pop up that just about requires a mouse...but that issue exists on all tablets.Unless you're a news, movie or media junky, the applications (available via a native PB application called AppWorld) will most likely fail to impress you. The news, weather and media stuff is solid. The PB comes with the music store. The store isn't as extensive as iTunes of course but there are other services you can use (BestBuy just announced a cloud based music service for PB, iPad and Android). You can rent movies from Amazon and YouTube via web. No Netflix streaming app yet for PB. The good news on the app front is the supposed addition of Android applications that will run on the PB. This happens via a virtual machine (meaning its not native Android processing on the PB so it can't be as fast for sure) so it remains to be seen how good it will be. Angry Birds is coming as well.The final deal is what do you want? If you want a smaller tablet then this is a good one...but if you want a smaller tablet with tons of apps then either go Android or wait for the supposed Android App player that will allow PB to run them. The real deal is this tablet surfs the web with the best of them and, lets be honest, most people want that. They hate a hot laptop and want something lighter, cooler, easier and with less of a footprint. Secondly they want apps that probably enhance what they can do on the web. so if its news, media or movies, you're good.Some people have complained about the power and volume buttons. They are a bit of a pain but you get used to using them pretty quick. Something you shouldn't have to deal with but not a show stopper.The PlayBook is expensive and does less than the iPad; unless you actively use your BB device. Android bridges the gap in price and physical options but is still clunky in app switching and fluidity of operating environment. Final word, the PlayBook is as fluid and dialed in as the iPad as far as use and operating environment but lacks the options, a gap partially bridged by use of an existing BB device enabled for email and internet use.5 stars for BB users who aren't app junkies3 stars for someone buying now without a BB and waiting for native email, Android Apps compatibility (and more native apps in the BlackBerry App World) and using your BlueTooth Headset (not possible as of this posting). The PlayBook is evolving leaps and bounds with every automatically delivered software update. But should someone pay top price for a comparatively lacking product now?these are the things i do:Surf (native)Watch rented movies on Amazon/YouTube (web, native)RSS news (app)News 360 (app)Podcasts (native)BB Bridge Email, BBMessenger(native) -- must have BB device and email accounts configuredSSH to servers (if you don't understand this it's OK...its for techies) (app)VNC to my home machine for admin use (app)Video chat via ReelPortal (app)Word, Excel doc editing (app)File share to and from the PB on my home network (native)Play "Need for Speed" (native) its fun :)
tablet_blackberry|I have so many great things to say about this tablet that I scarcely know where to begin.I don't take purchases like this lightly. Some people may not give a second thought to spending upwards of $400 on the latest tech toy, but I do. Even though I got my PlayBook for $200 from Office Depot, it's still a significant investment in my book.Now - I am a fan of RIM, but I assure you I thoroughly researched all available tablets, I played with them in stores, I talked to tablet owners, etc. I am also an ex-professional IT nerd who still keeps up with things. I have also owned Android phones and an iPod Touch, hence I am very familiar with Android and iOS.The technological argument: The PlayBook uses QNX. It's a true multi-thread operating system. Rather than try to give you a tech 101 lesson, I will say if you are tech inclined, just Google it and read for yourself.As for Android, I don't like it. That surprised me because I am primarily a Linux user at home, leading me to believe that Android would be great. In short, Android is a huge data pig, with security holes and massive inefficiencies.iOS may be a derivative of Mac OS which is Unix based... Which is better than Windows in my book, but iOS also leaves a lot to be desired, including lag, memory inefficiencies, and other things I'll cover in the user experience assessment.The Hardware Argument: the PlayBook, like all RIM products, feels solid and dependable. The size is perfect, and balances nicely in your hand. The back has a nice silicone type coating making it just grippy enough to hang on to securely while not being obtrusive. I don't feel like I have to handle it with kidskin gloves for fear of damaging a glossy exterior. When I got my iPod Touch I immediately had to spend an extra $45 to get the Invisible Shield (a great product btw) so the shiny aluminium back and delicate screen wouldn't get destroyed, plus a silicone skin for some added impact protection. Be honest - how many iPhones have you seen with shattered screens? Exactly. If you look at an Apple product cross eyed, the damn thing breaks. All the Android tablets felt equally flimsy to me. As for the eReaders that are adding Web and video capabilities, I remind you that they are just that: an eReader. The additional features are disappointing underperformers.The PlayBook screen quality is astounding. Everything on it, including video, looks better than my Desktop LCD monitor. Seriously.The speakers are equally wonderful. They sound better than my sister's fancy-pants new laptop. Incidentally, I'm a musician... So yeah - that matters.For connections, the HDMI port is (blessedly) separate, instead of the absurd proprietary single port that the iOS devices have. This means I can run video out from my PlayBook while charging if I need to. The USB input is nice too for us fast typists when the Bluetooth keyboards will lag.It has a front and rear camera, I'll admit I haven't yet played with them.User Experience: in an attempt to shorten this somewhat, I will say that the multi-tasking is seamless, the gestures are super intuitive, the full Web browsing experience WITH FLASH support is great. I have had zero issues with lag or freezing or anything of the sort. I especially appreciate the buttonless experience. I was admittedly sceptical, but it took me all of a few hours to get it down to second nature. I should also point out that the devices with the multi-function "home/exit/etc" button will, eventually fail, as my iOS device started doing recently.I must highlight the Predictive Text - it is eerily accurate. I have written entire sentences by only entering the first few letters of a few of the words and had the rest suggested. It is also very nice to once again have the ability to edit my own custom dictionary, which iOS would inexplicably not let me do.Battery life: I've been playing with this constantly for the last 5 hours and am at 60%. I have no complaints.The Great App Debate:Apple's App Store currently has over 700,000 apps.Android Market claims... Well, no one seems to know, or I can't seem to find an official number anyway. We can say at least 400,000 though.BlackBerry AppWorld: I'm hearing around 100,000.Yep. That's a lot less. I don't know about you, but frankly I'm more interested in quality than quantity.I can tell you, of the 119 Apps I have installed on my iPod Touch, I use 16 of them regularly; at least 5 of those are really just glorified Web links.16. 16 Apps. I mean, come on people - how many Turkey Call Mimics or versions of solitaire do you need???Yes, there are a few Apps I wish were on BB AppWorld, but it's nothing I can't accomplish via the web browser.Finally, to address some misconceptions and unfair criticisms:Complaints that there is no Expandable SD Memory card reader: well, the beloved iPad doesn't have one either. I can't see using up my entire 64 GB PlayBook, but even so I can access Cloud storage all the same.Complaints that there (was not at first) a cellular capable model: well, if y'all really like paying extra money for a superfluous wireless plan, you got it. The 4G/Wifi model is rolling out now. May I also point out that the iPad Wifi only model far outsells the cellular model.You do NOT need to have a BlackBerry phone for Internet Tethering. Any mobile capable of tethering will work. Apparently depending on your carrier you may get extra Tethering charges, but that varies.Bonus: RIM assures us that BlackBerry 10 OS will be available for the PlayBook.At the end of the day, I bought the PlayBook to get real work done on the go, without lugging around a big old laptop. The PlayBook is delivering in spades.I had high hopes and was so afraid I would be let down. I have not been let down yet.********** Update: I have now tested the cameras and microphone and I am really pleased.The camera takes really nice photos, plus it has a really cool stabilisation feature. I do wish it had an LED flash but I guess you can't have it all. Also, my Dad is getting a PlayBook now so we can video chat, which will be really nice.The microphone is awesome. I need it primarily for recording workshops, and audio at rehearsals. I tested it first by having my husband speak while I deliberately left the television on to see how it would handle competing background noise. The resulting audio was clear and I didn't have to strain to separate the speech from the background noise.I then did some quick instrumental recording and that sounded great as well. I wouldn't be recording an album with it or anything but it was near demo quality. I am very impressed
tablet_blackberry|I've had my playbook for over a week now, and I feel like I can finally write an objective review. I'll have to admit, I am a blackberry "fan boy", I have had a blackberry for years now, and I currently have a Bold 9700, so I am able to bridge my devices, but this is an in-depth look with as little "bias" as possible.Pros :--------------Hardware - This is truly an impressive piece of hardware. The construction is fantastic, its easy to hold, its light, and it feels solid in my hands. The screen is fantastic, very crisp and displays images/videos/text with very sharp clarity. I loaded up a bunch of pictures on my playbook just so I can look at the beautiful screen. Everything is so clear, its such a pleasure to look at. The device is also very fast, launching applications, loading web pages, and switching between apps are blazingly fast. The camera is also good. The back facing one is 5 MP and it takes good pictures, and HD quality video (however no flash :( )Ease of Use - I have to admit when I first tried it out at Best Buy, I had no idea what I was doing, and I couldn't figure out how to do anything. I've had plenty of apple devices so I thought the missing "Home" button was an issue, and it left me scratching my head. However, once I read up on it a little more, and found you can do everything with some simple gestures, I was hooked. I multi-task a lot, and switching between applications is so easy, just a simple swipe from the bezel in and you're in a different app. Bringing up the "Home" screen, closing apps, getting to the status bar are all easily done with some simple gestures. I have to say, now that I've gotten used to it, I love it and could never go back to the "Apple" way!Multi-tasking - As I mentioned, I am really used to multi-tasking, so switching between applications is just what I do. I might read some articles, then browse a site, change the music, and then go back to reading the news. This is all a snap with the playbook, and the speed at which it does it is seamless.Form Factor - This is a preference but for me the 7" form factor is great. I don't really like watching videos on handheld devices (or even my laptop) so this was not a big requirement. I tried out the Xoom and iPad 2 and I have to say, it was stellar at showing off videos. But, I felt it was a little cumbersome, and if I wanted to just grab a device, check up on some scores, and look at some news, I wanted it to be easy to hold in one hand. Also, due to its size, its very easy to carry, and I don't feel like I am holding a laptop.Browser - This is great. Every page I normally go to loads perfectly, and with the flash support, I get the full web experience. Also, going to foreign sites renders the characters properly as well. The only issue I've seen is on some of the more advanced sites, the pages will complain that I am on an "older browser" but that also means I am getting the full version of the site, and not a mobile version.Battery Life - I wanted to call this out because before the 1.0.5 OS update, this was a HUGE issue. The playbook would drain power like nobody's business, and I couldn't even leave it on standby overnight. However, this was all fixed with the recent update, now I can browse around and use apps for a few hours, and still have plenty of battery. Just the other day, I left my playbook on standby overnight, and it only drained a few percentage points. So what was a huge negative has become a positive with a simple update. This also goes to show you, RIM is committed to releasing updates quickly and getting the OS up to par with other devices out there.Cons :--------------Lacking Apps - This is probably the single biggest complaint you read about, "not enough apps". This is a real issue. A lot of my favorite apps are missing, including Pandora, Kindle, KeePass (password management) and SSH (sys admin software). These are key apps I use on my bold every day, and without it, it is a big issue. However, one recent addition to the app world has boosted the score for me, and thats the blackberry news reader. I was using GeeReader since that was the only decent RSS feed reader available, but blackberry just released the news reader, and it is fantastic. I do see new apps crop up everyday in app world, and the Android app reader is going launch soon, so I think this will improve. (the FB app, word and acrobat apps are great as well)Lack of Connectivity - If you're on wireless, the playbook is great, but without it, it is seriously disabled. I tried to take it to the gym to try it out while I work out, and I couldn't do much even when bridged. The reason being, the bridge browser is so slow, I couldn't use it. This could be partly due to my bold, but still, it was unusable. I did get tethering to work, but I tried to install an app, and that didn't work either, so there were some limitations there as well. I think if you're not on wifi, there will be some issues with using it.UPDATE 2-------I mentioned that the small power button was an issue due to coming out of standby, but there's actually a "swipe" shortcut. All you have to do is swipe from bezel to bezel, and that brings the playbook out of standby, so no more fiddling around with the small power button! Previous comment is below for reference(Small Power Button - When I first read complaints about this, I thought people were being nitpicky since how often do you use the power button? Well as it turns out quite a bit. The reason is, its the only way to come out of standby for the playbook. I setup my device to standby after a few minutes to conserve power, and so whenever it goes to standby, I have to press the power button, and I end up doing it at least 2-3 times to get it right.)UPDATE-------I originally commented about the bad memory management, but it looks like this was also fixed in the 1.0.5 OS release. Now, when there are no apps running, there is almost 700 MB of free memory, and even with the browser open, I still have 500+ MB free. This should allow me to run way more apps at a time, and see less of the "automatic" closing that I saw before. Previous comment is below for reference(Bad Memory management - This is a big sticking point for me. The playbook has 1 gb of ram, so I didn't think it would be an issue but boy is it ever! First off, when you start up the playbook, there's only 450 MB of memory free. Then, if you launch the browser, another 200+ MB is gone right there. So, if you have more than a few apps open and the browser, the playbook will just start closing apps automatically. When this first happened, I thought pages were crashing because of the flash or lots of media content, but after some poking around, I realized it was because of the "low" memory. Also, when I say "low" memory, its not like 50 mb, its more like anything under 150 MB and the playbook could start closing apps automatically.)--------------Overall, I love my playbook, and I want to give it 5 stars, but I just can't. Once there are more apps available, this will be a solid 5 stars. Also, for non blackberry users, the lack of a native mail client will be a big turn off. But because the browser is so capable, it should ease the pain slightly. The playbook is a great device for RIM to build off of, and I think the next coming months will be key for them, and if they can address some the issues, it will be a true force in the tablet market.
tablet_blackberry|I'm no techie. I don't root or jailbreak but I do love my gadgets and tech. I am an Apple aficionado and have been using apple products since I wrote my thesis on my tiny 12" iBook way back in the G4 days. I use Mac Pro at work and at home, own MacBooks as well. (Shh, I also have a PC at home.)When the iPad was introduced I jumped on it and purchased one for myself. When the iPad2 came out I opened up my wallet and purchased the top of the line 64 Gig 3G. Beautiful products. (I personally like how the first iPad looked and felt...the second felt more breakable.) The screen was amazing and the apps were just as brilliant. I wanted to love it. There was so much potential.iPad2 was not exactly a quantum leap over the first. It was actually quite a disappointing purchase. The camera sucked the screen was just as good as the first the processor was marginally better on a day-to-day experience, graphics were great but if I wanted serious gaming I'd play on a platform designed for gameplay. Where did it excel? The "cool" apps you'd purchase for $5.99 and get tired of in a month? It was shiny and pretty but far too big to be truly a portable pad. I love it for quick presentation and 2-3 people meetings. I tried taking it with me on vacation a couple of times but it was just too big and heavy. So as good as it was it stayed home.Enter the Playbook. I didn't like Blackberry nor most of its products. For the longest time they either looked too business suit with business emails or youth oriented for hammering text messages or "facebooking/tweeting". The Playbook came in at such a great price point that I needed to try it out. I've must have read every review before I finally purchased it. Hardware wise I give the edge to Playbook...cameras are even much better. Its an elegant machine with great lines. I really never really liked that "home" button on the iPhone and iPad. It always stood out for me and was usually the first thing to look worn out.The operation on the PB is seamless and intuitive. Multitasking is well executed...but things like cutting and pasting lines and photos need work (perhaps with the new OS?). Alot of USEFUL apps were already INCLUDED. (Albeit buggy or missing a little bit of finesse/user friendliness.)I find myself using my Playbook everyday: at home, on the commute to work and even at work! I haven't touched my iPads in months now. The playbook even has gone on vacation with me! Recently I even purchased a Blackberry Bold to pair with it. Brilliant! The iPad doesn't have this level of secure interconnectivity with the iPhone. As a result my iPhone4 and both my iPads are stuck in a drawer gathering dust. I'm thinking of just giving these to my parents because they really just seem like expensive toys.What I wish the Playbook can do:- Access BlackBerry phone microSD card. File types are restricted. I can use it as an external drive. I this would have been an amazing feature that would have just solidified Blackberry's phone and tablet sales.- Have more apps - but I guess this is in the works. Access to the Android market is something I'm looking forward to with the next OS update (??WHEN??) Really need my Netflix and Skype! Some magazines?- Access to phone - to make phone calls via the tablet through head phones. That way the Torch can stay in my bag when I have the tablet in hand.- Ability to upload photos from my eye-fi or an SD card reader adapter. Even access to a portable external hard drive would be great.I think its a better tablet than the iPad and iPad2 for my everyday use.Hope that was someone helpful for those on the fence. Also you can't beat that price!
tablet_blackberry|I am an admitted Apple fanboy. I have 3 Macs, 2 iPod Nanos, 2 iTouches, and 1 iPad (1st gen).I purchased an iPad right out of the gate, but after the novelty wore off I wound up giving it to my wife. Why? I found the iPad to be a very capable device - not a single complaint - but it was just too big to cart around (might as well bring your laptop) and I always felt awkward pulling it out in public.I ended up carrying my iTouch around more often and leaving the iPad at home. I mean, imagine walking around the mall with your wife and sitting in the "man area" while she shops endlessly for another pair of shoes and pulling out the iPad you've been lugging around the whole time. I prefer to be a bit more discreet.I absolutely love the iTouch, but it is just too small. I really want something in between.Enter the Blackberry Playbook. . .What drove me to look at the Playbook was actually the announcement about the Amazon Fire (I also own a 2nd gen Kindle). There were several references to the fact that the Fire looks to be a repackaged Playbook. I looked into it and indeed they appear to have been cut from the same mold. So my mind began to turn. . .What if instead of thinking of the Playbook as a rival to the iPad I viewed it as a 3rd or 4th generation Amazon Fire? Wow. That put the unit in a whole new light for me.You know what's going to happen with the Fire, right? Amazon will release a 2nd, 3rd, 4th generation Fire, each with increasing capabilities until you basically arrive, hardware-wise, where the Playbook currently is. Maybe even still below the Playbook.Add to the mix the fact that places like Staples and Best Buy have significantly slashed the price of the Playbook and the opportunity was hard to resist. So I bit on a 32GB unit (or basically a 4th generation Amazon Fire).Read carefully through all the reviews to understand what you can and can not do with the Playbook. There are some shortcomings and limitations, especially with regards to apps. But again, look at the device from the standpoint of an Amazon Fire and it suddenly becomes a fantastic device that will provide useful service for years to come and then some.So far I've been surprisingly impressed with the hardware. Well-built (except for maybe the power button, but learn to turn on with finger swipe), fantastic graphics, nice audio, responsive, stable, and just the right size. It truly is an amazing device. I absolutely love the gestures they've designed to bring up menus and apps, and to move around. Brilliant!As for the lack of apps, here's the kicker. . . when I first got my iPad I went into "app frenzy," downloading lots of cool apps. But the truth is I never really used most of them on a regular basis. Also, the wave of the future is HTML5. Everything will move more and more to the web and HTML5 will bring with it all the cool animation and effects you could want right inside your browser.So, no app for Evernote? No problem - evernote.com. Music? Rhapsody.com. Todo? Rememberthemilk.com. No Kindle app? No problem - I read all my books off Amazon Cloud on my new 4th Gen Fire. More and more robust apps will be moving to the cloud, so don't get overly-fixated on apps or lack thereof.I am already using the Playbook for most of the things in the above list and more. At this point I feel that even if RIM totally walked away from the device today I will still be able to happily use it for years to come. Or at least until Apple wakes up and comes out with a 7-inch iPad. :-)
tablet_blackberry|I bought the Playbook since it seemed to be a good fit for my use. I carry a BB Bold (AT&T service) for work and thought this would be my best option for productivity and as a useful 'toy' when traveling. I read the reviews and was slightly worried that it was too early to buy, but I went for it.So far, after a week of use I am very pleased with the PB. Some of the issues mentioned in reviews here do exist but they are either minimal impact or can be worked around.Positives:The size and weight are perfect for me. I added a leather case and find it the right size. It seems slightly heavier than I expected, but I think this makes it feel solid.The touch screen and responsiveness of the OS is great, better than I expected from the reviews that called it sluggish. This is the first time I've used a touchscreen beyond demos at Apple, etc and I found it very easy to use.The video quality is great, the demo videos and a few downloaded videos look great.The collection of loaded apps and those available on the app store are pretty good for a device that just came out a few months ago. There is little I have looked for that is not available.Bridging to my BB is wonderful. I read reviews that this was difficult to establish and that the links drop constantly and so far that is not true, expect for the initial loading which I describe below.The bridge browser connects very well to my company's intranet and is already proving very useful. The BB browser was always hit or miss and extremely slow, so I rarely attempted to use it. The PB bridge browser works very well for looking up intranet websites. It also works perfectly for external websites when I am not connected to a wifi network.The internet tethering is something I didn't expect. I must have missed the description of that as I was concentrating on the BB bridge connections. I had assumed that I could use my BB to access email, calendar, and the bridge browser but I thought I would be out of luck when using applications on the PB that use wifi when I was not in range of a wifi network. By tethering the PB to the internet through the BB (a separate connection setting than BB bridge) all of the applications work perfectly. This is a great feature since I have an unlimited domestic tethering feature on my corporate cell phone plan. If you don't have this feature, then it would incur additional fees, which is clearly stated when you set up the connection. I understand this may not be great for many people, but compared to a 3G version of competing tablets I think this is no worse and with the BB bridge option it is quite a bit better.Some issues:As mentioned in other reviews and on the BB support forums, AT&T does not `support' the BB bridge. If you attempt to load the software via the PB's barcode it will state that and leave you `unbridged.' It is not difficult to load the bridge software from links in the BB support websites, and once I loaded it manually on my BB the application worked perfectly. I expected a bit more work to get everything to synch up, but it worked on the first try.The app store is not as extensive as other tablets seem, but there is a plan to add android apps this summer. There are also a large number of apps that are available for the BB that are not ready for the PB yet, but I imagine that will also come in time.There is no support for Bluetooth audio at this time. I found this out by trying to pair a BT stereo headset and failing repeatedly. I found out on the support forums that this is a "known" lack of support. For me, this is a minor annoyance at best since there is a headset jack and I just used that for now. If you plan to link to BT speakers or stereo headsets this might be a reason to wait. Regular BT earpieces seem to pair fine but I typically pair mine to my phone so not sure what I would use the earpiece for on the PB.Overall I am very happy with the Playbook, especially as I believe it is early in its lifecycle. I wouldn't recommend it to someone who does not have a BB, as that was one of the biggest draws for me, but if you do it is a great alternative to the other pads.
tablet_blackberry|I am 30 yr old and also have been a blackberry smartphone user since 2007. I was so glad when the BB PB was released because I had tried other touchscreen smartphones thinking that I would join the touchscreen revolution. Unfortunately, I was disappointed with each one. The BlackBerry PB offers so much along with the stability of it's operating system. I decided to write this review because of I'm fed up with the online articles and reviews from people who aren't BlackBerry smartphone users. It was obvious when BB designed the PB they had their current users in mind and they also had in mind the future capabilities of the operating system and how both the phone and tablet would work together. BB has always been for the business professional and not about games. And I'm cool with that because I get things done with it. And if I want to play games or let my children play games the BB PB app store offers enough game apps to satisfy (many of the android apps are now available) So let's go down the line,1.)I love that it bridges seamlessly with my smartphones files, contacts, calendar, messages, BBM, tasks and memos. If I add or make changes on either device it's automatically updated on the other.2.)I can't say enough about the sharp high definition screen. The size of the PB some would see as a negative but I deem it a plus. It fits anywhere and when held in the vertical or horizontal position typing is done with ease. But if that isn't enough for a BB phone user, now you can type using your BB smartphone keypad. Yes, no need to purchase accessory keypad.3.)Also, there is no need to purchase an additional Internet plan through a mobile provider due to the Wifi and bridge capabilities. When you can't access a Wifi connection, no worries it bridges through your BB smartphone browser (no addt'l charges)Although I have the option to purchase a tethering plan I have no need.4. For presentations... This connects to most displays and tvs and renders hi-def picture quality every time. And your able to use your BB smartphone as the remote control for presentations from anywhere in the room. My son and I have played the NFS undercover race car game with it connected to our HDtv and I must say it was really cool. The tablet is the steering wheel. And it's the perfect size.5.Unlike other tablets and pads, PB has flash capabilities. PB has adobe reader for PDF which was lacking with my smartphone unless I buy it from the app store. So that's awesome.6.)Ability to transfer and buy music to PB, create, edit and download word, excel, and powerpoint files, chat with PB users, print to go feature, social apps message integration, camera and video, access to any of my BB smartphone files, and the list goes on and on.7.) the battery life is great. Sometimes I can get a full 2-3 days out of a full charge. and it charges quickly on the charger that is provided with it.I almost forgot I downloaded the Kobo ebook reader. And I'm always reading books on my playbook and I also have Kobo on my desktop if I want to read my books on a much larger screen when I'm home. I've had my PB for about 5 months and I'm still finding new capabilities everyday. I bought a new desktop a couple months ago. And because the PB does so much I may only use my desktop once or twice in a week. I am more than pleased with this purchase. If I were you don't let the discounted price fool you into thinking this isn't a great quality product. I purchased the 16g from radioshack at $199 and later a 64g directly from BB $299.If you dont own a BB smartphone, I think you will be pleased with it's functionality but you will get the most out of it if you are a BB owner. And unfortunately there is so many people struck on a product that creates products that force their user have to purchase new hardware every few months or so without any discounts. And what do you know? they conveniently have a new product being released just in time. But if the consumers don't see it, all I can say is more power to that mega company. I can only hope they will wake up before it's too late.(this review is being posted via youngentreprenuer's playbook)
tablet_blackberry|there are a lot of negative reviews out there on the playbook but thats not because the playbook is not better than all tablets out there (yes, iPad 2 inclusive) but because of the negative sentiments surrounding RIM.i dont think i need 5000 apps for notepad or 2000 tetris apps to be happy as you have for the iPad and android devicesthis device packs more power and capability in hardware and OS than any other tablet. as the OS evolves, it will only get better. it bridges to your existing blackberry device over bluetooth and you're not stranded if there's no wifi availablei am very happy with it and i'm sure it will get better as more apps are developedcona new OS that doesnt have as many apps as the other OS platform. Good news, more apps will be available with time
tablet_blackberry|There's a lot to like about the playbook, and some big drawbacks for a buyer considering taking advantage of their dramatic price drop in 2012. Be careful about reading 2011 reviews, a lot has changed in the tablet market in a short time.PRO1. Wonderful hardware and workmanship. It feels solid and is engineered nicely.2. Tethers to Blackberry phone. If you have a BBerry phone, you'll enjoy being able to tap into the smaller device's emails, files, and especially its mobile wireless signal for internet on the go.3. Quick and responsive menus and software makes web surfing, email and typing a breeze.4. All this can be yours for a bargain price right now.CON1. Lousy app selection. The BB app market is pretty close to laughable, and the much vaunted ability to load Andriod apps is very overblown. Android app selection for Playbook is very limited and requires a decent amount of technical understanding and patience to pull off.2. Uncertain BB future. It remains unclear whether the company will be around in a year to support the device. A lot is riding on their delayed new OS for phones and tablets. You are taking a risk buying one now.3. Multimedia is a pain. I like lots of music and video choices. This is where I was particularly disappointed. There aren't many streaming radio services that work on playbook, though there are some. Crackle, Hulu, Netflix and Amazon video mostly don't work (yes some have found hacks, but don't count on it). Loading music files was also a pain. With no SD slot, it has to be done via a wired connection, though it does support Windows 'drag and drop'.For me: the bottom line is if you are a die hard Blackberry addict, take a shot at this. Returns with Amazon Prime are easy, the price is low for the features you get, making it worth a try. I like Blackberry, but am not dead set on it. Mine's probably going back for an Andriod tablet.
tablet_blackberry|I posted this comment as a response to another poster but it really is my evaluation of the playbook. We have purchased two.The PB is simply fantastic. If you want a great portable tablet for a great price .. this is it.It comes with Office Premium to Go (full editing for word, powerpoint, excel); the best integration out there for native email, contacts, social networking (facebook, twitter, etc.) and calendar organization better than any other tablet out there; 2 HD cameras (records true HD video); very high dpi resolution screen; portable; predictive/corrective typing; full true multi-tasking; plays 1080p videos piped out to your HDTV via a microusb cable; fantastic sound speaker system; full HTML5 internet browsing INCLUDING flash and java; many apps and games (android included) and its growing; fast file and folder integration; GPS/WiFi/bezel gestures, and bridging/full integration to a BB phone if you have one so I don't have to go with 2 carrier plans.Bottomline .. it does everything I need and I hardly use my pc now. When I come home my BB phone goes on the charging dock and I access everything (email, BBM, calendar, surf the web, etc.) on my Playbook using the built-in bridge function.Oh yeah, almost forgot did I mention the PRICE is great :) !
tablet_blackberry|I bought this back in February used and was in great condition, except for the one dead pixel but they allow a certain amount in all screens so I guess I just got unlucky getting one with a dead pixel, its annoying. As soon as I got it I loved the form, weight, feel, and texture of the back casing. The screen is beautiful (aside from the dead pixel) very crisp and 7" is fine for me, very portable and practical. The main reason I bought it was I wanted a tablet very badly and couldn't afford any ipads or good androids so when I saw the 16gb Playbook available for $200 I couldn't pass it up. It serves its purpose, is very portable, and is capable of most of what a laptop can do. The first major problem was that I noticed it will not work on ad hoc networks which is a problem for me because I use my friends wifi and share it from my laptop to devices in my room. I was able to use a program called Connectify which can create access points which the Playbook can connect to so I was able to use it at my house that way, and I use a Mac in school and the Playbook is compatible with a Mac's version of internet sharing. The next problem was I noticed a piece of dust somehow got under the screen, I kept it in the sleeve (now in a case), clean it often yet the piece of dust is close to the dead pixel and makes that part of the screen annoying to look at, over time I have noticed other pieces of dust getting under the glass somehow and can't be blown out. Doesn't make any sense to me, my 4 year old ipod touch is in my lint filled pockets everyday and there isn't a single piece of dust under the glass on it. The operating system is very fast and has full flash and multitasking. 2.0 is nice but I think more can be done, it still takes way to long to boot up, uses nearly 500mb of ram without any apps running and the android player sometimes crashes. The ram is a problem to me, I thought 1gb would be fine but nearly half is always used by the os, so that degrades the potential of multitasking because only so many apps can be run at once. The browser is the biggest hog. One of the problems I had was trying to dig for an old post on the browser facebook and running out of ram and the page just froze, I was hoping it would just get rid of the top of the page and keep loading where I scrolling down to, luckily since 2.0 I haven't had that problem so it must have been fixed. I'm not very impressed with the battery life, I'd say I'd be lucky to get 5 or maybe 6 hours. It needs charged every day (charging is rather fast atleast.) Note, I always have bluetooth off and turn wifi off when in standby and after using it for about 2 hours in school it needs charged when I get home or I won't have enough to use it for the rest of the day. Plus it looses battery life overnight, every morning its down between 5-10% from where it was before I went to bed which is garbage because my ipod touch can last over a month in standby. I'd shut it off but with the terrible boot time I just deal with the nightly drain. The last problem is App World. It has gotten better since 2.0 but still needs many more apps, lacks a lot of big apps on ipad and android, however there are a few good android apps being ported over. Over time I have found the productivity and utility apps I needed so now I'm satisfyed with what I have, but you aren't overwhelmed with many choices like you are in the app store. (This can be both good and bad.) A lot of good apps cost money and I don't have a credit card and as far as I know they don't make app world cars like itunes prepaid cars so I won't be able to buy any apps. I know I stated a lot of the problems but I just wanted to tell you what I don't like about the Playbook, thats it. There is much good to it, I use it everyday in school, its very portable and I like the form factor. The cameras are excellent, among the best, especially the 2mp for a front camera is going above and beyond. I appreciate the flash browser, adobe reader, and the file browsing ability with both the os browser and air browser. It feels more like a "my computer" being able to get that access to your devices files, and using that you can delete songs on the device, unlike the ipod. I like the blackberry desktop software for your computer, I've only used it once but I like how it's set up. It was a great idea to put the speakers on the front and they sound great. The bezel gestures is the best idea yet I've seen on a tablet and it works very well. I don't have a BB phone so I can't tell you about the bridge but the newly added email, contacts, and calendar apps are very nice. Most of my email accounts work fine but for some reason my earthlink won't work, I tried everything and used the same addresses and ports that it uses on my windows mail. I guess earthlink just isn't supported but it isn't a big deal. The volume and play buttons are nice and have different functions if you hold them down which is nice. Of course the flush mounted, tiny power button was a terrible idea and needs pressed very hard, and if you don't have a case on it you'll need to use your nail to even be able to push it down. Luckily the touch gestures can be used to wake the device and while it's on on the taskbar you can put it in standby. I have RIM's convertible case on it and it fits perfectly, looks very sharp and professional, is comfortable, and functions as a nice stand with multiple angles and ways to hold it. Although it does have its issues and disappointments I use it everyday and its a very good deal for the price and I can say it's the best 7" tablet out there as of now. The Playbook won't be replacing my laptop and I plan on getting a quad core 10 inch android or iPad in the future but if you're on a budget or just want a full featured 7" tablet the Playbook is the way to go.**Update 5/31**For the last several weeks my Playbook no longer charges and now no longer syncs to my laptop. I charge it daily since the battery sucks (I take great care of the thing) and one day it just did't charge. I tried it both while on and off and the charge icon won't show up on the battery. It must make contact though because if I plug it in while the screen is sleeping it will wake it. It still had been syncing to my laptop (and that was how I had to charge it too which is extremely slow that way) over the USB cable to my laptop. Then my laptop os crashed and I had to reinstall windows, since then I put the desktop manager and desktop software back on my laptop and even though it detects the playbook is connected it can't connect it and won't show up in my computer as a storage device. And I have the latest Tablet OS and managers on my laptop. So now I'm unable to charge it and unable to back it up to try wiping it. I can't tell if it is a software problem or a hardware problem, since it wakes up the screen when I plug it into the wall and when connected to my laptop it says it's connected on the Playbook even though it won't show up on my laptop. Does anyone else have this problem. I'd contact RIM but the 90 warranty is over and I will NOT pay RIM anymore money for a repair or shipping for this piece of garbage that keeps causing me problems. I liked the device (aside from the mentioned problems) but after this I will never buy another Blackberry device again.**Update 6/12**From reading the reviews on here I have figured out it is indeed a hardware problem (miniUSB port) which I was gentle with so it was just poorly designed. The battery totally died and it won't even charge off of my laptop now. Yes I can buy the rapid charger (which in the future I will) but I need the USB connection for backups and sharing media. So I will need to get it repaired, since the warranty has expired and I'm sick of RIM's careless efforts on really perfecting what could have been a great device I'd much rather not deal with them and just take it to best buy or something if it can be done cheaper and quicker. I want to get it fixed but when I have the extra money I'm just going to decide on an iPad or Android and keep this as a backup and a smaller, more portable one. I will definitely stay away from any future Blackberry purchases.
tablet_blackberry|If you have been thinking about buying a tablet device for along time like me but felt hard pressed not to spend lot's of money on something that you may or may not have a use for, think no more, get the PlayBook like I did last week.Feel good factor aside, this is a quality product which is on par with Apple's iPad yet at 1/3 of the cost, you will know that you have made the right choice when you start using the new OS2 and with the knowledge that BlackBerry have now confirmed that the upcoming OS 10 will run on the PlayBook too.I have never been a BlackBerry fan, I don't buy gadgets on impulse and I do not follow hype or marketing blurb. I only buy things after careful consideration and that's why I bought the PlayBook.Within a few hours of having my new PlayBook, I connected it wirelessly to my Windows laptop, Mac Mini server and to my good old Nokia N900 mobile phone. What I am saying is that you do not need to have BlackBerry phone to use the PlayBook.Furthermore; BlackBerry have recently opened it's OS 2 to have Android applications installed on the PlayBook. There is already a plethora of applications that were ported and are now available to be installed on the PlayBook such as Amazon's Kindle, Pandora's Internet Radio and others which I have already installed for free and are working like a charm.I personally prefer the 7 inch screen on the PlayBook, perfect for holding it with one hand like the Kindle reader, the screen is sharp, the browser is fast and it supports latest version of Adobe's Flash player.There is a lot more I can write about the PlayBook but you get the picture.Oh, get the 64GB version, you will need it, just think of all the movies, music and games you will have on them to show your friends and family through the HDMI interface on their HDTV.If you can't bring yourself to buy one for your own use, get it as a present and give to someone you love, it's a great gift.
tablet_blackberry|I picked up the Playbook last week and have been using it all week, and here are my thoughts for those who may need some information about it. And as the title states, I am NOT a person who has a career that a tablet would be useful for; I'm not taking business trips, not always on-the-go, etc. I bought this purely as a consumption device for very common leisure tasks.First, I got it in a Staples in Canada, where they sell the Playbook for 199, 249, and 299 for the 16, 32, and 64 GB respectively. For THAT price it is an absolutely great buy. That said, it definitely has one major drawback; the apps.Now I know many people have made the argument that most apps on the Apple Appstore are useless, but the "App World" for the Playbook is seriously lacking; there is a limit to the "quality vs. quantity" argument.Some key apps that are missing that I've found are: Skype, Netflix, Kindle, a proper VNC app, proper todo apps, and of course, email and calendar (though they did say it would come in an update, OS 2.0). Again, I am a casual user; I want to watch movies and shows on this device, and it baffles me that netflix has not developed an app for such a beautiful device. Same applies for all the apps I've mentioned; I can't talk to people on skype without some broken web-browser workaround, I can't read the many books I've bought on kindle, I can't use VNC for remote desktop without some glitchy app, etc.It REALLY is a shame, since everything else about this device is PERFECT. I've never expected the hated Playbook to be this great, but it really is. From the multitasking to the brilliant gestures to switch apps/return to home screen, and the easy to access WIFI/Bluetooth that Apple refuses to put on their device, I am very happy with my purchase. I'd love to give it 5 stars but again, the lack of apps is disappointing. If I could video chat with skype users and actually USE that 2MP camera, I'd be a happy camper.
tablet_blackberry|I will present this review in 2 parts; hardware and software. I think RIM did a very good job on the design and build of the Playbook but they clearly rushed the product because the software is nowhere near done.HARDWAREThe Playbook is a 7 inch tablet that is very well built. It is powered by a dual core 1ghz processor that does an exceptional job of keeping up with everything I threw at it. The display is very bright and vivid with great viewing angles. I can't say for sure what kind of glass they used to cover the LCD but I can tell you that its pretty durable, after 4 months of ownership I have yet to notice any scratches on the screen. The Playbook's body is made of mostly plastic but they coated it with a soft touch rubber (matted) that does a good job of giving the Playbook a premium feel while holding in the hand. At the bottom you will find a micro HDMI port, a micro USB port for charging/syncing, and a magnetic charging port for the optional dock. On the top you will find the power button (that is a pain to press), a volume down button, a play button, a volume up button (in that order, also tough to press but not as bad as the power button), and a 3.5mm headphone jack. There is also a 3mp front facing camera for self pics and video chat (which only works with other Playbooks, at the moment) and a rear 5mp camera that is capable of recording HD video. The Playbook's speakers are actually on the front located to the right and left of the display (a very nice touch in my opinion). Because of its smaller size, I found the Playbook a joy to use with one and two hands. Although it is a little on the heavy side for 7in tablet I never really found that to be an issue. One of my biggest gripes with the Playbook is battery life, RIM claims that the battery life on the Playbook is just as good as the iPad but I will have to call BS on that claim. After charging the Playbook to 100% and letting it sit in standby over night the Playbook will have lost 10% of the battery life by morning time (my iPad stayed at 100%). I find myself having to charge my Playbook much more than any of my other tablets (iPad, iPad 2 and Flyer). I enjoy taking the Playbook on vacation with me for videos and net surfing because it is so portable. Videos look great on the 7in screen but I found it annoying that the video player does not allow me to scale the video to full screen (UPDATE: to scale video to full screen, use pinch zoom technique). The speakers are fairly loud with little distortion and because they are front facing the sound comes right at you. The camera takes pretty good photos when there is good lighting, I must say that this is the best camera on any RIM device but I must also say most Blackberry cameras suck. As long as you don't plan on replacing any traditional camera with the Playbook then you will be fine.SOFTWAREThe Playbook runs RIM's next generation OS called QNX and I am totally impressed. If I had to pick my favorite mobile OS this very instance, I would pick QNX. It is very obvious that RIM blatantly ripped off WebOS when they designed QNX, however, I feel that they did it better. The one feature that QNX has over every other mobile OS out there is true multitasking. With the Playbook you can play a video, jump into the browser to surf, reply to an email, and download an app all while the video is still playing in the background. And best of all...there is very little to no lag. During my video play back test, the playbook was able to play both mp4 and avi HD (1080) videos with no problem. Navigating through the OS took a little getting use to but once you overcome the learning curve it becomes second nature (I find myself asking why iOS or Android don't do this). To launch an app, you tap the icon like any other OS but when you want to switch to another open app, all you have to do is swipe left or right with your finger starting from the screen side bezel. Same thing with going to the home screen, you swipe from the bottom up from the bottom bezel or from the top bezel down to access the settings. Once you try it out you will see how easy it is to navigate.So why am I not giving the Playbook a 5 star rating when I love the hardware and software? Thats simple; RIM screwed up by launching QNX when it wasn't ready. There is currently no native support for email, calendar, and contacts (these features are coming with QNX v2.0). These are must have features for any tablet to function properly because without them the tablet is nothing more than a media player that surfs the net. RIM tried to make up for not having these features with the bridge program that allows your Playbook to access email, calendar, and contacts via your Blackberry handset. However there is one problem with that approach...not that many people have Blackberries anymore. RIM successfully limited the Playbook's market with that move. The browser on the Playbook is good but it is not the best mobile browser out there (Mobile Safari is still my favorite). There were many instances in which I was fighting with the browser to get it to do what I want (I usually lost and went to my iPad), for example the keyboard will come up and go away, come up and go away when I need to input text or clicking on links that does nothing. The one thing that the browser does best is displaying flash content. Even though other browsers claim that it can display flash content (i.e. Android), non of them does it was well as the Playbook. I can't recall any instances where I was met with the "no flash plug in" error like I get on occasion with my Android devices.Despite what RIM claims, please do not buy a Playbook if you want apps. The Blackberry app store is extremely lacking in app support and whatever apps they do have in there usually suck. This may change with the new update because with the new update the Playbook will be able to run Android apps. But that will only work if the developer decide to port the app over to the Playbook.I will update the review once QNX 2.0 is released.Final verdict: (hopefully RIM gets it right with v2.0 because there is potential here) 3.5/5 stars
tablet_blackberry|Let me start by saying that I use an iPhone (which I like), I borrowed my brother's iPad2 for a few days to see if I liked it, bought 2 android tablets close to this price point which I returned, and I have a Nook Color that has been rooted to make it a tablet. I didn't really care for the iPad2, its price point or its size. For me it was like an oversized iPhone, and I already have that. The Nook was not quite what I was looking for either. So, I decided to give this a try. I read all of the reviews about the apps,email, and calendar prior to my purchase, so I knew what to expect there.Out of the box, I was very pleased with the fact that the browser was just about as fast as on my pc. Then I began to check out the apps. At first I had buyers remorse, not because I use many apps, but because that is when I realized there were no commonly used apps like Netflix, Kindle, etc. I thought Oh No, I should have tried the Kindle Fire. However, now that I have read its 1 & 2 star reviews by some, I am glad that I didn't because I know that it wouldn't have been what I was looking for either.Unlike some others though, I was determined to give the playbook more time to prove itself and for me to become more accustomed to using it because I refused to believe that Apple is the only other alternative...lol... And I am glad that I did because even if RIM never fulfills their "promises", for me this is the best at this price point.I wanted something that I could manage the kitchen/ household with. I needed something not too big and not too small that I could hang on the wall in the kitchen. I wanted something that felt sturdy, had an accurate touchscreen, and that seemed or at the very least gave me the illusion that it would last, and that I wouldn't have to buy another one in 9 months. For me this delivers. I wanted to be able to bookmark recipes for cooking, easily done. I wanted something that I could quickly look up something on the internet, again it delivers. I wanted something that I could keep a family and my husband's business calendar on, done using google calendar, and buying an app for 0.99 that links straight to it. I wanted to use it for grocery lists and errand list, done with an app that backs it up "in the cloud" and I can retrieve it from my iPhone while shopping. Listening to music, done! Since I can watch movies from Amazon then I guess I will just have to find movies there & keep Netflix for my kids to watch on my phone! As for reading, I suppose I can use Kobo on the playbook or pull out my Kindle or Nook.Almost all tablets out there have bad reviews, including this one. Most just have to choose which company has the product that meets their own individual needs. For me, I can tolerate the Playbooks & RIMs shortcomings for what you are getting at this price.
tablet_blackberry|I own two blackberry playbook tablets in my family. Both have been working fabulously for more than one year. I am just wondering why people still want more expensive ipad stuff.
tablet_blackberry|The price I paid was a relative steal roughly a third of original retail. So right away I'm happy. Then when it arrived and I started to play around with it, I was happier. Now that I have owned it for longer than my last tablet (Lenovo -died after 31 days) survived I am even happier. Adding a few apps, especially the Navigator from OBJ Studio, has now pushed my level of happiness beyond my expectations. Don't believe the negative hype about not enough apps -there are plenty, more than enough for the vast majority of users, including avid &#34;gamers&#34;.No device is without it's quirks, which are no doubt influenced by the &#34;loose nut behind the wheel&#34; as much as anything, but the Playbook's are minimal. The quality of the video/photo playback is excellent, and while I doubt I will use it the cameras for serious filmmaking (I have used clips taken with the rear -5mg- camera in a short documentary) it is surprisingly very good quality.The &#34;32 GB&#34; (never is really 32 more like 29) is more than adequate for storing my video reel and photo slideshows. While not as &#34;powerful&#34; as a laptop it is much easier to carry.All in all the Blackberry Playbook is turning out to be one of my better investments. I am almost (I would rather not have wasted all that time) grateful to Lenovo for making a product that did not last more than 31 days.Long live Blackberry.
tablet_blackberry|this tablet came in the mail right on time as i needed it to. the specs are great and the tablet itself is a true reflection of the pics online. The hardware is solid and seems to be able to take some rough treatment which is why i chose it in the first place. I shall be purchasing another soon.
tablet_blackberry|There is a lot to love with this little tablet! It has a bit higher learning curve that other tablets but the pros outweigh the cons. One of my favorite things is the way it almost knows what you are trying to write as you are typing it in. I bought this because it said that it was more "desktop " like than other tablets - meaning you could get desktop versions of apps rather than mobile versions. I love that. Many mobile versions are so watered down they are practically useless. I have an Acer 200 tab, a Kindle fire, and my Blackberry playbooks. If I could figure out how to get Words with Friend and Solitaire Deluxe loaded onto the playbooks, I could easily give up the other two tablets. If you are looking for a tablet that is superior to others, this is it. It is not as much for gamepkaing as others but is really great for other things. Excuse the typos. I am typing on Kindle Fire which sucks for typing.
tablet_blackberry|I have had my blackberry playbook for over a year now. This in my opinion is one fo the best. I have recommend this to several people who have purchased one also. They all love it too. The screen is made of gorilla glass, so you don't have to worry about scratching it. This tablet is indestructable. The games are also superior to anyother tablet that I have seen on the market. No ad software. It has hi def graphics and records in hi def also. very nice cameras front and back. I would recommend getting this tablet. You will not be dissapointed.
tablet_blackberry|If you are thinking about buying this tablet I can assure you that if you have a blackberry this tablet totally extends the platform with blackberry bridge. And the wifi file sharing takes it to another level. I have had this thing for a month and I have yet to plug this into my computer. The web browser compromises nothing, its as if I'm sitting at my desktop, the flash support and reader mode enhances the tablet all together. Buy this thing and spend sometime with it and you will see that this has the ipad beat buy miles because of the interface and gestures that work so intuitively you will find yourself doing them for fun.
tablet_blackberry|This tablet is an excellent companion to my Blackberry phone, especially the Bridge. The size is optimal for my purpose which is mostly business, but also for play. My son has a 10 in. Asus Android tablet which is way too big, IMO. For something that big I have my laptop which is much more functional. So the PlayBook size is ideal.On features, the HDMI connector is awesome for using with projector or TV. The home screen works much like a regular desktop which shows the running applications and makes closing them so much easier than on an Android, yes I own one of those too (Kindle Fire). The forward facing speakers are another great feature. Battery life is very good even when streaming HD videos.On apps, this is where we fall a little short. But the available ones are very good and the options are always expanding with the capabilities of side loading Android apps if you choose to go that route.I find the UI on the Playbook much easier to use than the competitors, although there are similarities. The Web browser is so far one of the best with the capability of playing right out the box any embedded video found on lots of video websites.Overall, this is my tablet of choice, even though it had a rocky start on the market.
tablet_blackberry|As an engineer, I look at the specifications, not the advertising or what everyone's friends have (RE: iPad ...). Just a few features worth noting: Multi-processing for ture multi-tasking operating system (i.e. multiple APPS running concurrently) (1GHz dual-core processor with 1GB RAM); super-sharp display (1024x600) WSVGA), LONG battery life; stereo speakers and stereo microphone; HDMI video output (great when using with a projector); support for BlackBerry and Android APPS; native PIM support; BlackBerry BRIDGE via BlueTooth or Wireless to other BlackBerries to share data; fast HTML loading and Adobe FLASH video support; BlackBerry external keboard; FULL AES encryption between keyboard and BRIDGE feature -- FIPS 140-2 validated by the US Government; only 0.9 lbs but solidly constructed; accelerometer, 5-axis motion sensign gyroscope, digital compass and GPS; 3 MP front and 5 MP rear cameras (hi-def); Bluetooth and 802.11 b/g/n Wi-FI support. I have all three memory sizes (16GB, 32GB and 64GB). Kids have 32GB for web surfing and games, wife has 16GB for web surfing and I have 64GB as I load movies for long plane trips. Sadly RIM doesn't know how to advertise. I keep buying them when I can find them and give the for gifts. Everyone who gets one is wow'ed and say's &#34;I didn't know antying about this ... sure beats my iPad!&#34;
tablet_blackberry|I wanted an iPad, got the Playbook because of affordability (and my husband is anti-apple)...and so far I'm very pleased. There are five aspects in a tablet I wanted: portability, mailing capabilities, Facebook/social networking/fun apps, calendar/memos, and voice/video chat...so I'll address each of these in the context of my playbook.Facebook/social networking/apps: There have been lots of complaints about the lack of apps, which I originally snubbed as well, but after a day, I realized that the Web browser works so well, I can access my pinterest, Facebook, and blogs without even missing the app aspect....I have an iphone, so I have the Facebook and pinterest apps on there, and honestly, the websites via the playbook browser are SO much nicer to use...the pages you view are not the mobile versions like with my iphone...it's just like my laptop, but fits nicely in my hands. So who cares about no apps. (there is a Facebook app, but I still prefer the Web version)Mailing: The mail app that comes with the playbook is very easy to use and sync my emails with. So far, everything works as I need, and I know I have new emails the second the come in...In fact, I've already gotten 2 while writing this review.Calendar/memos: The calendar is great, also quite easy to navigate and I am able to link my Gmail calendar to it with no problems. There is a voice memo app that I may try to use, but just a basic memo app has to be installed from the app store. There seems to be a large number of note/memo apps, but I haven't tried any yet. For now I have been making notes in the document compiler, similar to Word, and you are able to save, cut/paste from emails and websites. There is also a spreadsheet compiler that appears to work like excel, but haven't tested yet.Portability: fits perfectly in any of my purses, and easy to carry around. I just wish I could get it on a data plan with my service provider. There appears to be ways to get wifi off your cellphones, but I don't know how to do that. So I don't like that I'm limited to wifi hotspots.Video chat: there is one that allows you to video chat from one blackberry device to another, but none of my friends/family have blackberries, so this is lost on me. There is no Skype, which breaks my heart and it appears there is no universal app to video with anyone, so you can either video other blackberry users or no one. This is probably the biggest loss for me.Overall, I love my new playbook...I think it just needs a few more users and friends so that we can get data plans and Skype apps!
tablet_blackberry|As a (close to!) 60 year old, I consider myself technology challenged. When it comes to electronics, I like things to be simple. I was desiring a tablet for mainly just two reasons. I wanted something I could download books to for reading purposes and something I could easily take pictures with and then quickly upload them to Facebook. I was originally planning on buying a Kindle Fire HD, but my 21 year old daughter convinced me the Blackberry Playbook was a much better buy. I think she was absolutely correct. I found if I had bought the Kindle Fire, I would have had to buy the charger, a leather case and screen protectors all separately; having to spend $200 for the Kindle Fire alone, then 20 for the charger, 30 for the leather case and $6.00 for screen protectors. With the purchase I paid for the (originally $599.00) Blackberry playbook; I paid only $150 and that included the leather case, a charger and screen protectors. I haven't used it much, seeing as how it is a Christmas present this year, but I have played with it enough to know it easily meets my original wants, (downloading books, taking pictures and getting on Facebook with ease) but it does SO MUCH more!! It is essentially a mini-computer, which I can also use for writing and editing documents for work. I have to admit I need instructions on how to use its many applications and abilities, but my daughter has assured me she will be a willing instructor and I am very excited about using it. The visual quality is beyond excellent, and the pictures I have taken are wonderful. I was also very happy to discover I can skype with my daughter, family and friends. I feel this is a truly wonderful purchase!ADDED INFORMATION: I have now been using my Blackberry for a full month. I love it more than ever! It is an amazing device! It is SOOOO worth the purchase!
tablet_blackberry|I just bought 2 of these for a friend and he loves them! They came with sleeves and screen protectors. I'm used to Samsung Galaxy Android, iPod Touches, and Kindle Fire devices, but when I used one of these Blackberry Playbooks for 5 minutes and was quickly able to find myself around on it. The touchscreen was very responsive and the tablet was quick. They don't put any buttons on the front of the tablet like Samsung Galaxies but rather maximize the screen space by making swipe gestures into the "HOME" button. It's also very thin and light. It was the nicest tablet I've ever used...I liked it!The only downside of this is the same con with Apple iPod Touches and iPhones...it has no micro SD slot. Make sure you get one with a lot of space like this one. 32 or 64 GB should be good.
tablet_blackberry|Hi,have been using the playbook for about two weeks now.My wife has a new ipad 3 so have been switching between the two.I prefer the playbook for several reasons,u get much more bang for your buck,its one third the price of an ipad.the size is ideal to carry around and it weighs lesser than the ipad,the on screen keypad is easier to use and has more letters and characters,its ideal to hold in both hands and use thumbs for typing.the display is good and so is th ui.got the otterbox also at a markdown amd they are made for each other,bb bridge is user friendly and if u own a bb smartfone there is no other tab u shud buy. Main neg points are for limited apps,but iam finding my way around crackberry to get them and anyways iam not much into games,battery life is limited,about 4 hrs is a guestimate.At the present price its a steal,go and get it,iam getting one more for my teenager.
tablet_blackberry|I totally understand that there are a lack of apps for this machine. This will change with a new OS update that will incorporate thousands of Android apps, coupled with the recent fire sale of Playbooks.Lets start off where this tablet dominates.Multimedia. This tablet has the best video playback and recording (1080p) of any other device I have used, including the iPad.UI. The Playbook QNX based OS is ridiculous, you can run 20 different programs, videos, games, etc, simultaneously and they will not even slow down a bit. The buttonless swipe navigation one ups the iPads single button navigation in simplicity of design.Portability. I can bring this device anywhere I go, no problem.Build quality. This thing feels like rock-solid, much more so than any other tablet out there.Blackberry bridge. If you own an iPad and an iPhone, you still either have to pay for a 3g plan for your iPad or you are limited to wi-fi areas. With the Playbook and a Blackberry smartphone, you have internet, for no additional cost (provided you have an unlimited data play, as I do). I can easily access all of my emails, calendar, etc. When someone is calling me, a pop-up notification alerts me with the Caller ID information (which I love).Web browsing. Due to seamless flash, Adobe AIR, and HTML5 integration, you can watch HD online video content on most websites (it is capable of video playback on virtually all sites, but some have blocked the content on this device, for reasons which I do not understand). Sports highlights, streaming tv episodes, etc.Graphics. One realm that is well supported in the App World is gaming. Games like Madden NFL 12, Dead Space, and the list goes on, all have the BEST 3d graphics of any mobile device on the market.To summarized and address the lack of apps. I thought it would be a big issue at first, and I hesitated to buy it. I was incorrect. Let me ask you a question. When you use your desktop PC or laptop, are you bothered that there is no native facebook app (the Playbook had one before iPad, but I never use it)? Or twitter app? Do you find it to tedious to log in to news websites like Huffington Post, Time, or CNN? Of course not. Those companies don't need to develop native PC or Mac OS applications, because they have full featured websites. They are bookmarks on your browser. As I mentioned earlier, I never use the native facebook app. Facebook is a website, and the best way to experience it is as a web page. The Playbook renders all of the websites you love just as it would on your desktop PC. You can scroll through submenus on with your thumb, you can pinch to zoom many map websites. Integrated multimedia plays back as it would on your browser. You can play all of your favorite online flash-based games. There is no reason to use a native app for most of these content providers, as the online version is superior.Here is a case in point to finish it off. I live in the Minneapolis area. the iPad and iPhone both offer an app to consume their content. On my desktop, I use the web to access what is called the "electronic edition" of the newspaper. It displays the actual print version of the paper, with clickable articles and zoom, and a great user interface to navigate through the paper. I far prefer it to the website content. The apps for the Star Tribune simply format the same content on the website for your device. Since neither one of those has flash capabilities, they cannot run the electronic edition of the newspaper. Android devices can load the electronic edition, but the flash is half-baked and the navigation features don't work properly, rendering it useless. On my playbook, I can read the print edition of my favorite paper from anywhere I like, including non-wi-fi covered areas.I am not saying it is superior to other tablets in every way, but it has many advantages, and with the release of the new OS, those will only be amplified. I suggest you pick one up immediately (especially if your a blackberry owner. If not, seriously consider switching to Blackberry because their new generation of smartphones is as underrated as this tablet is) -- You will be pleasantly surprised.
tablet_blackberry|I scoped tablets for about a year before I decided to purchase one. I looked at a lot of 10" tablets and decided they were just too big. As I'm not part of the Maccult, my choices were basically Android and Blackberry - at the time I purchased my PB, It was deeply discounted to rival the Androids.I knew going in that the app selection was lack-luster. That being said, it came with everything I needed, and a good selection of things I didn't.Construction wise the unit is super-high quality - solid, more solid than anything I've had my hands on and it's not too terribly heavy.The speakers are outstanding in my opinion.The screen is brilliant.The OS is smooth and glitch free.The interface is unique and very sexy.I play movies through the super-mini HDMI, and the picture is brilliant.The browser does 99.9% of what it should.If you can get it for a discounted price, I think it is very well worth having. I know the beta version of their next operating system in out, and when ready, will allow you to run Android apps. At that point, this machine will be worth (closer to) the retail price.The only thing I wish it had was a memory slot, and it's own mail client.You will enjoy this tablet.
tablet_blackberry|I received my playbook last christmas from my girlfriend. When she gave it to me i was kind of disappointed. I wasn't quite sure what to make of it. However, almost a year later and having borrowed my parents ipad i can honestly say that the playbook is infinitely better. I don't have a want or need for many apps and the ones i do want, save dropbox, they have. It is great for doing work on, reading books or papers, using the internet, watching movies, and playing games on. I put a playstation and nintendo emulator on it and thats all i will ever need.Furthermore, i still cannot believe that the ipad doesnt have a native flash player. What kind of crap is that?
tablet_blackberry|3 weeks in and I'm ready to put a review out.I bought the playbook because I really wanted an introductory tablet (price wise). I own the Bold 9930 and from what I could tell, the playbook was going to extremely complimentary.Pros:* The small and compact design is great as a travel companion.* I own the 32GB playbook, which I've found to keep a great deal of music and info. I routinely use it as an external hard drive and copy files from my desktop to keep with me while I'm on the go.* Having the docs to go app has been great. Although they are not the full versions, they provide enough firepower to get the job done.* The bridge application serves as security for the playbook. Other Wi-Fi only tablets require email account set up. For instance, you set up Gmail and whenever you connect to a Wi-Fi network your email is refreshed and calendars and contacts will reflect the latest changes. With the playbook, if you have a blackberry phone, you simplify bridge the two devices and you have instant access to everything on you phone. My phone has all emails, contacts and calendars so there is no need to duplicate efforts.* Now the playbook has access to many of the popular android apps. Because I'm not terribly interested in every app, the ones of necessity were readily available to side load on my playbook.* Using my bold as a remote control. I find that typing on the actual phone is a bit faster than typing on the notebook itself. To each his/her own, but when you've been busing a blackberry for a long time, you find that typing on it is second nature. I'm sure I'll come around to typing on the actual playbook for smaller tasks.* Being able to expand the memory of the PB by increasing the memory SD card in my phone. Since you can access your phones SD card, you can literally have 32GB on the phone and 32GB onboard the PB. The capabilities become vast with that amount of storage space available to use, and this is on the go too.* Using the "view on my PB" feature. How many times do you find a site that you wish you could view on a larger screen? With this option, you can always utilize the PB full Internet browser to view anything of interest that you first received on your phone.Cons* Since the apps primarily come from the android platform, there isn't always seamless compatibility. For instance, dropbox will not all uploading from files stored on the playbook.* Music - this is a bit of a personal beef, but with all the music I have on my phone, I'd love to just make a playlist on my PB using the music from my phone. Currently, you can only access one song at a time from your phone to your PB.* Can only open one type of docs to go document at one time. For instance, you can only open one excel file at a time. You can have more than 1 excel file open. If you open a 2nd file, it will close your first. Wish you could have multiple excel files open at once.* Bridge destroys the battery life of the phone when using the tethering option. I guess you can't have it all.* Video store could stand to be updated.All in all, the PB does what every other tablet does. It hasta fast processor, front and rear camera with enough megapixels to take great shots, a video recorder, The ability to watch movies and listen to music, and has a great internet browser with flash. I understand the beef that the app store is lacking. If you're into apps, and the apps your looking for can't be side loaded, then your right, this may not be the tablet for you. But if your looking for a tablet that has a fundamental ability to make you more productive, allows you to kill some time with movies and a few games, let's you read e-books and has the option to expand the storage space (via owning a blackberry phone) for an affordable price; I guess I don't know where you can wrong. Like other tablets, if you own the tablet makers phone, you'll be able to take advantage of a few more bells and whistles. No doubt having a blackberry makes this tablet more viable. Don't fall for the hype that there are no apps. And don't fall for the hype that this isn't a powerful tablet. I think for your first tablet, this is the way to go. You learn what you like and what you would like to change without breaking the bank. I think you will be pleasantly surprised with how useful this tablet can be when you put it to task.
tablet_blackberry|Its a shame to see Research In Motion's lack of innovation in support, marketing & advertising, and business dominance cause the company to take a backseat to other phone and tablet companies. At one point RIM was on top of the world. Everyone had a BlackBerry. They were a great company with a fantastic and functional smartphone. The trackball was cool. Brickbreaker and BBM were all the rage. Now, they are a company that's lost 80% of its value, has continued to see declining sales in the US and worldwide, and it rapidly losing its kung-fu grip on the business enterprise consumer. Its a shame. But this is what happens when a company fails to adapt to change, fails to recognize the threat of competition, and fails to innovate and keep its once loyal consumer base happy. That all being said, the PlayBook is a near Home Run. But likely few will be left to realize it. Enough with my RIM rant, on to the device.As for the PlayBook, if you are looking for a 7" ultra-portable tablet that has bulletproof construction, an incredibly simple and user friendly interface and OS yet CPU-like accessibility, fantastic web browsing with Flash support, and the added ability to Bridge up to your BlackBerry smartphone for a fraction of what other tablets cost...then the PlayBook is the tablet for you.PROS:By now I think a good number of people out there have or at least know the basic benefits and functions of what tablets can do. I will only go over the Pros and Cons that set the BlackBerry PlayBook apart from the competition.-Size: you are either a 7" tablet person or a 10" tablet person. At first I told myself I would wait for RIM to release a bigger version. After the realization that could be years (and doesn't look like its going to happen until late 2013 or 2014 if at all) I decided to buy the 16gig PB. I fell in love with the size. Small enough to fit in just about any bag comfortable, use inconspicuously, and hold and type smoothly using both thumbs when holding in hand. Size is going to be a personal preference in the end but I think the 7" size is a pro in my book.-Web Browsing: Hands down the best out there. Full Flash enabled websites make internet surfing almost identical to being on a desktop/laptop. Bill paying, media playing, online shopping, or just surfing is incredible. This is probably the main reason I bought one in the beginning. I almost never go anywhere in my house without my PlayBook because of this. At the dinner table and realize you need to pay that credit card bill (assuming you aren't stuck in the stone age and paying by check)...no problem. Want to quickly change your Fantasy Football team and watch that video snip about the latest injury report while watching the game...no problem. Reading outside on your deck and come across a word you don't recognize and want to lookup...no problem. No longer do you have to wait an hour and a half for the laptop to boot up.-Freedom from Ecosystem: some may consider this a downfall but I see it as a major positive. BlackBerry doesn't force you to become part of their ecosystem. There is no iTunes that is forcing you to use their system to download songs in a weird, unlockable format that may cause issues for other non-Apple devices. Loading songs or documents onto the device is and has always been as simple as plug the device in and drag-and-drop what you want to the folder on the device just like an external storage device. The charger slot is a mini-USB. The HDMI slot is a mini-HDMI. There are no $100 Apple-to-USB or HDMI adapters required. Its the $3 universal adapter on Amazon. If you want to use Amazon's Cloud player for your streaming music, you can...unlike Apple.-Guts and Multi-Tasking: without boring the non-techie geeks out there, the guts and OS of this tablet are phenomenal. I will just say that the processing speed, ability to multi-task between applications, screen clarity and resolution are top-notch. I have never once had a complaint about speed or the tablet functioning slow. And right now my 16gig is almost completely full with music and files. The OS which will soon be coming in an adapted version to BB's new phones in 2013 as BB10 is an OS-killer in my opinion. Its their last chance but all early indications is that they nailed it. The PB has the ability to multi-task between multiple applications unlike any other tablet. Think about having the ability of swiping between the video player, Internet Browser, Map, Weather app, Game app, an Excel spreadsheet, Calendar, PDF file, and Slacker Radio app all at once with each app running in the background and not causing a slowdown to processing. Incredible. Makes doing multiple functions at once on the PB a breeze.-BB Bridge: this is a bonus Pro for those with BB phones. The ability to Bridge the phone to the PlayBook over bluetooth is really cool. You can access all files through the PB and also add/delete/change things in the contacts, calendar, memos, and tasks on the phone. So if you are in an airplane and want a bigger screen to work in your calendar for example, its a nifty function. You can also use your phone's internet connection to tether to the PB to allow internet when outside of a wi-fi zone. Another big bonus since there isn't a 3g/4g version of the PlayBook in the states. (They just launched a 4G/LTE in Canada)CONS:-Lack of App Support: this is lone elephant in the room and its a big one. BlackBerry just doesn't offer the apps on the PlayBook that are available on Droid or Apple. It has gotten much better and there have constantly been talks of bringing Droid apps into the system but I'm still holding my breath. This is shocking also because some of the "no-brainer" apps are not available on PB. No Pandora app...really? Ok so use Slacker Radio...it is basically the same thing. No Bloomberg app...really? As someone in financial services I use that one everyday on my phone. Now granted, the PlayBook's internet experience is so spot on that many apps are unnecessary but that's not an excuse. Sure I can go to full website but sometimes I want the App only.-Lack of Sales and adoption: this isn't a huge con but its worth pointing out. Because of the lack of app support above and a variety of other reasons, there aren't very many PlayBooks floating around out there in circulation. I remember the 2nd quarter the PlayBook was available they SHIPPED less than 250,000 of them to retailers like Best Buy when Apple's iPad SOLD 12 million that same quarter. This means good luck trying to use some of the apps that are for PlayBook only. Video Chat...I bet it works great since there are two high quality camera eyes on both sides of the device but I will never know because I'm the only person I know on the planet who owns one. (truth be told, I actually did see someone walk by me in the airport with one...only time I have ever seen another one and I thought I should have said something or went to high five the random stranger as weird as that sounds. That's how "un-trendy" they are and how few are out there.)Bottom line is the PlayBook is a near home run. If they had more sales success and adoption from the consumer base therefore having the app support, this device would be as perfect as any tablet could be right now. They could nail it on their next one but that's an uphill battle. For now, I am sticking with my PB and actually just bought my 2nd one. My 16gig I bought 6 months ago will go to a family member and I am keeping the 64gig for myself. I liked the tablet at full launch price but I love it at half off. It is basically a steal. I just hope RIM as a company is still around in the next few years so they don't stop supporting the device, I don't know if I can live without it.
tablet_blackberry|My original plan is to get a small device to do couple of tasks. easy carry when traveling, play my movies and music, do Skype, easy Web Browsing.I bought Kindle fire first, feel good when I hold it, great display quality and I like it in the first place. Then I found the volume is too low. I have to put in the Max position all the time when I watch Amazon instant movies. The speaker sounds poor. Not just too low to hear, but poor quality. The Amazon silk for the Web Browsing is painful to use, feel too much framed, more like a handhold device, such as a smart phone. touch response is not always work. hard to check battery level ... etc. I called Amazon customer service about the volume problem, but someone suggested me to use earpiece. After the call, I decided to return it. For Kindle Fire, it may have a good hardware except speaker part, but poor software user interface except for Amazon.com part. I'm not going to keep a device just for shopping with Amazon.com. I can not even watch Amazon's instant video comfortably due to the cheap speaker. Additional, the 5GB storage is too small to use. It is useless and nothing to do with my original plan.I bought a 64GB Playbook from blackberry website this month with a very good price. It exceed my expectations for both of hardware and software sides. when I do Web Browsing, compare with a phone like Kindle Fire, it's more like a normal high end laptop with pretty high speed. just smaller size and easier to carry during the trip than the laptop, the tool bar on the screen is very easy to use and hide, well designed user interface, quick touch response, because of the interface, I feel Playbook having a much bigger screen during web browsing than the Kindle Fire. Great hardware, very well built, great display quality and great SPEAKER quality. 64GB is big enough for me to load some movies during the trip. I tried to play some .flv and .f4v video files without any problem after I bought a $0.99 app MovieFlvPlayer. I feel missing the most is there is no Skype app yet. I wish it will come very soon. Then it will be a perfect device for my original goal. Camera, game and GPS parts are the bonus for me, ( I haven't try GPS yet). Only $100 more than the Kindle Fire. A supper great buy! I just bought two more for my kids as the gift since I do not want to share mine with them.
tablet_blackberry|I like the Blackberry PlayBook tablet very much (I have three of them) and overall, my experience with it has been stellar except for a hiccup at the beginning. More on that later. There are several great tablets in the market and I place the PlayBook among them. I think the PlayBook is the most under-rated tablet in the market today and for consumers, that is a good thing. They are inexpensive now and are an exceptional value for your money.The PlayBook is still the first generation PlayBook (I do not consider the 4G model second generation). Yet, its hardware and software are still as relevant and stands up to the new generations of the major tablets in the market. In other words, while the hot-selling tablets have released new models and are in their second or third generation, the major capabilities and features of the PlayBook have not been surpassed by them, such as dual HD cameras, front-facing stereo speakers, etc. The initial major problem with the PlayBook, i.e. no native email, has been resolved.Anyway, here's why I like the PlayBook:1. True Portability- the 7-inch screen size is great. The unit is small enough to fit inside most of my jackets' pockets.2. Unobtrusive- it is not much bigger than some of the 5-inch smartphones and you can pull it out in public, like at a restaurant without being obtrusive.3. Cheap! - You can get the 64GB model for as low as $199.99 (recent Office Depot sale). It may even get lower during the year-end holiday sales.4. Promise of Things to Come - When the BB10 phone is introduced early next year, PlayBook owners can expect a major software upgrade that will have very promising capabilities and features. It's like getting a new tablet for free! BB10 may be revolutionary.5. Great Stereo Sound - the speakers are dual front-facing speakers for optimal sound.6. Easy Connection to TV - the micro-HDMI slot makes it so easy to connect it to my TV so I can watch movies, etc. up to full 1080p on the bigscreen. Believe it or not, I bought a 6-foot HDMI to micro-HDMI cable online for only a dime! With shipping, it came to about a dollar. I have since bought a 15-foot cable for a really good price online, so I do not have to get off the couch.7. Cheap Optional Rapid Charger - Since no one seems to want the PlayBook, I have been lucky to find PlayBook accessories such as the Rapid Charging Stand, Rapid Travel Charger and leather cases at clearance prices. Each of the rapid chargers can charge the PlayBook at least twice as fast as the standard charger which came with the PlayBook. I timed it and was able to charge it from 0% to 100% in 2 hours and 50 minutes. By the way, some users have stated that if their PlayBooks drained down to 0% battery charge, they could not recharge it until they found a solution to this problem online. When my PlayBook drained down to 0%, I immediately plugged in the rapid charger and took the opportunity to see how long it would take to fully recharge. In my situation, I did not experience any problem charging at all. Perhaps if I left it at 0% considerably longer, I might not have been able to charge it. That, I will not know because I do not intend to let it drain to 0% again. Incidentally, the PlayBook gives an audible and visual warning when battery level is down to 9%. In my experience above, I dismissed the warning and continued working until it suddenly shut down by itself, indicating that battery level was at 0%! That was when I immediately plugged in the rapid charger and I was up to 100% again in two hours and 50 minutes.These rapid chargers use the magnetic port (the one on the right with three metallic "dots") instead of the micro-USB port for charging, thus saving wear and tear on the micro-USB port, which has been reported by some owners as having fallen apart after some use, rendering them unable to charge the PlayBook unless they bought one of the two optional rapid chargers. Incidentally, I used the micro-USB port to charge using the standard charger for more than six months (before I got my rapid chargers) and I do not see any damage on the micro-USB port. I always made sure the cable was not putting any stress (weight) on the port. I think those who reported damaged micro-USB ports were not careful and put stress on the port. Likewise, I am also careful when using the micro-HDMI port to make sure the port is not unduly stressed to minimize wear and tear or damage. The HDMI cable can be heavy, relative to the port, so make sure the cable is supported and no weight stress is put on the port.8. Dual Cameras - one in the front and one in the back, both high-definition (shoots 1080p video).9. Great User-Interface - I like the swiping gestures and the multi-tasking capabilities. It is fast and smooth. I did not notice any lag when multi-tasking and having several applications open at the same time. Web-browsing was great, and felt like I was at my computer with the full web experience, except with a 7-inch screen. Thanks to Flash and HTML support.10. Good Battery Life - Battery life depends on what you are using it for and can vary very much. I find that I can get at least five continuous hours under heavy use, such as constant web-browsing or watching movies. When listening to Slacker radio (where the screen turns dark while the music plays), I measured the rate of battery drain at 6% drain for the first two hours of use. I kept the radio playing for an additional two hours and it showed a drain of 12% over four hours. Thus, it appears the drain is quite constant. If we extrapolate, then on a full charge, one can potentially listen to Slacker radio continuously for 33.2 hours before the battery is depleted. The volume throughout my test was not at minimum, but at approximately 75% of maximum. So, the battery can last from 5 to 33 hours, depending on use. 33 hours is a lot more than even the "up to 10 hours" stated in the literature for the product. Some may not be happy with the 5-hour minimum, but I am plenty pleased. That's more than three average length movies of 90 minutes each.Additionally, I measured battery drain while it was put in "standby" mode, with wifi and bluetooth off. Standby mode avoids the almost three-minute boot-up from complete power off. By the way, the long boot-up time is a security measure of the PlayBook. It checks everything to make sure your tablet is secure. When in standby mode, just swipe from the top downward and it wakes up the PlayBook. You're ready to go instantaneously. I did not use my three PlayBooks for more than a day to conduct this test. They were left in constant standby, other than when I checked battery levels. Two of them started with 100% battery charge and the third one had 65% battery charge at the commencement of the test. Let's call them A, B and C, with C being the 65% one. After 19 hours, A had 93% battery charge left. After 24.5 hours, it had 91% left. After 24 hours, B had 92% battery charge left. After 36 hours, it had 88% left. After 12 hours, C had 58% charge left and after 26.5 hours, it had 55% left. I started the tests at different times and checked battery levels at different times. That is why I cannot give the same interval information for all three tests. But you can clearly see that the "standby" mode does not drain the battery rapidly. You can leave it for days on standby mode and still have significant battery power when you need it.11. Blackberry Bridge - I have a Blackberry phone. If I do not have wifi service for the PlayBook, I can use my phone's data plan. I bridge the PlayBook to the phone and can access the internet. No additional charge from the phone company since I have an unlimited data plan. No need to get the 4G PlayBook and no monthly data plan.12. Screen display is very clear even if it is not full 1080p. It really does not matter when the screen is only 7 inches that it is not full 1080p. I do not think anyone can tell the difference when the screen is only 7 inches. If you connect the PlayBook to your 1080p bigscreen TV, it is capable of displaying 1080p video, and the cameras can shoot 1080p video.At the start of this review, I stated there was a hiccup early on in my experience with the PlayBook. Hic... here it is. Within a couple of days after doing the initial set-up with my first PlayBook in November 2011, I tried to change the volume on the PlayBook but was not able to do so. I called up Blackberry customer service ("CS") and explained my situation. I explicitly told CS how I was depressing the volume control keys to try to change the volume and asked if I was doing it right. I was told I was doing it right and since it was not working, CS subsequently wrote me up a repair order and sent me the box and documents to send the unit to their repair center. While we were on the telephone though, CS sent me an email to have me agree to the terms of their repair service. I agreed by emailing them a response to their email, though I told CS I did not read the agreement. After all, it was clear if I did not agree to their agreement, I would not be able to send the unit in for repair.After I responded to their email, I had a heated discussion with CS because they said that if the unit could not be repaired, they would send me a replacement unit. I asked if the replacement would be new and CS indicated it would not be new but a refurbished unit. I explained my unit was brand new and just opened two days prior to the call and demanded that if my unit was not repairable, that I be sent a new unit. CS remained steadfast in their position that only a refurbished unit would be sent. I was very disappointed with Blackberry/RIM at this point.Anyway, when I got my unit back, I checked and was relieved to see that it was my original unit and not a refurbished one. But when I checked the volume keys, I was shocked that they still did not work! I was too angry at this point to call up CS again. Since everything else worked, I just calmed down and used the PlayBook and got to learn its features and thought I would call CS later. I liked the product, but was highly disappointed the volume keys still did not work.After a few days, I played around with the volume keys again and after some attempts, lo and behold, they worked. I then determined what I had done differently and repeated it and it worked again. It turned out that you cannot depress a volume key and hold it to change the volume. You have to depress it and let go immediately. Then the volume bar appears in the middle of the screen and then you depress a volume key again (and let go immediately) to raise or lower the volume. So it just turned out that I was doing it wrong and the repair was probably not even necessary because it was not defective. CS was not able to tell me that I was not doing it right when I explained how I was trying to use the volume keys when I called the first time!One good thing did come out of that repair job though. The power button was flush with the top panel making it a little difficult to depress the button. While I did not complain about it, I noticed when I got the unit back that the button was no longer flush with the top panel but protruded a little, making it a lot easier to depress the button. They fixed it without my asking for it to be done.This incident though, is a big negative for Blackberry/RIM because I would have been a very disappointed customer if my unit had a real problem which was not repairable and I was given a refurbished unit as a replacement. No one likes his or her brand new product to be replaced by a used unit when it has barely been used a couple of days! Moreover, sales of the PlayBook were so poor and the company had excess inventory. I was appalled they could not keep a customer happy by promising a customer a new unit if the unit was not repairable. I would not have expected a new unit if I had used it for more than say, thirty days. But two days? Come on, RIM!I have had occasion to call CS several more times for various other issues, none of which were major. While I have spoken to one or two CS representatives who were knowledgeable about the product, my sense is that more than a few of the CS representatives are not very knowledgeable about the product. They frequently put me on hold while they consulted other personnel about my problem or reviewed a manual. I have noticed this more since about April this year when I had to call in after I got my second and then my third PlayBook. I wonder if in the process of cutting back staff at RIM, they let the more knowledgeable and longer tenured (thus presumably higher-earning) CS representatives go and kept the newer and less knowledgeable staff. I have had occasion to spend about an hour and a half on the phone with CS and yet not be able to get a solution to my problem. Fortunately, I use a speaker phone when I call so I am not that ticked off at the holds that I have to endure as I am able to do other things while I wait.I strongly suggest that if you have a problem with the PlayBook that you do some research and try to find a solution first before you call CS. Crackberry.com has very informative and helpful forums. Amazon reviewers also offer some very helpful tips and solutions. I also hope RIM will conduct more training and educational sessions for their CS staff to make sure they are familiar with the product. While at this time I cannot give a glowing account of customer support, I must say that the CS representatives were polite and they did try hard to help. I would say they have helped with 80% of my issues. As to the other 20%, I was able to find solutions online myself. Perhaps CS could have helped with them eventually, but I guess I got a little tired and impatient after being on the telephone so long that I told them I would try to resolve it myself and if I was not able to, I would just call them again.Overall, I would definitely recommend the Blackberry PlayBook. You get a lot for your money at current prices and it performs very strongly and impressively. Most negative information circulating about the PlayBook was due, in my opinion, to its premature release in April 2011. At that time, it was somewhat of a "half-baked" product. That is no longer the case, thanks to software updates, but I see many in the industry, including professional reviewers, continue to bash and denigrate the PlayBook. I suspect some do that because they are beholden to RIM's competitors. RIM is not blameless, as I hardly see any marketing done for its products. It keeps getting hit and insulted but just does not seem to want to fight back. It seems it is only layperson reviewers who sing the praises for the PlayBook while RIM itself just sucks up the punches.I stand by the PlayBook, but a word of caution - if you must have a zillion apps for your tablet, Skype and Netflix, then look elsewhere. The small number of available apps compared to the numerous apps for the hot-selling tablets do not bother me. As it is, other than a few I use regularly, I hardly use the hundred or so apps I have downloaded onto my PlayBooks. PlayBook owners are still hoping Skype and Netflix will be available in the near future, but I am not holding my breath. I believe that it is not that the PlayBook is incapable of operating Skype and Netflix, but that it is Skype and Netflix that have not released apps for their services for the PlayBook. If I am mistaken, please correct me. Skype is owned by Microsoft, and Netflix may be beholden to the hottest seller in the market. I believe there may be competitive reasons for depriving the PlayBook of these two services. It just goes to show how formidable a tablet the PlayBook really is, and competitors know it. Imagine what it might be with Skype and Netflix.
tablet_blackberry|i decided to purchase the playbook after looking at many different tablets...initially i was looking at the lenovo, acer, and then recently the nook and fire....i wanted a tablet to fulfill the following needs: portability...was tired of working all day in front of a computer only to come home and sit with a laptop to browse the web while watching tv or playing with the dog wanted hdmi output wanted webcam wanted expandable memory wanted to spend no more than $200my requests basically eliminated the acer, fire and the nook..when the playbook came down in price i jumped on it as it catered to all but one of my wishes....expandable memory...the size also attracted this to me over the lenovo...so i received this and initially thought like everyone else that bb doesnt have many apps out there....but then i started playing more and more with this and i'm becoming more and more impressed with it...new apps are coming out daily...the apps on this pb are amazingly vivid when compared to those of non pb tablets. even the facebook app looks amazing on this...i dont know if its just the screen or the app but im in awe over the clarity....i've been playing alot with the rss feeds and the hd podcasts which i love to view on this...i am extremely excited about the os updates but am ok with using the web for now....the sites show up as true internet sites not the mobile versions....as a matter of fact im using the pb for this review...there are a lot of people who are bashing this which had me fearing this before i bought it but the tablet itself is very nice...ln my droid phone i probably have 50 apps of which i only use 10 in a given week so i think at times people blow that out of proportion...ill admit that rim did drop the ball with not having apps but this tablet is so nice that i dont mind going through the web...i find this os to be much smoother and elegant than android...a lot of these tablets feel like slightly larger cell phones with the honeycomb and ios operating systems...their os's are ok...the pb's is amzing...i honestly cant put this tablet down and am even getting my mother in law this for xmas..if you are on the fence on this and even more nervous because people are bashing it i highly recommend this...figure out what you want from a tablet...if its the ability to not have to use your laptop then this will be a great choice...
tablet_blackberry|I've had this for months and it's difficult to imagine going back to my iPad 2. I haven't picked up my iPad since I bought this thing, no exaggeration. After playing with every tablet out there I could get my mitts on, I decided on the Playbook, and it was the best decision. I couldn't be happier. It's the perfect size, the app store has everything I need and want, and, it goes without saying, the browser squashes everything else out there. The size is perfect. Even the on-screen keyboard (which I usually don't like) is smooth as butter. Uploading audio and video files from my desktop computer is easy as pie, and, as long as the audio track to the movie is in MP3 format, everything plays. There is no stuttering. The true multitasking is magnificent. Hats off to RIM for building this, the king of all tablets. I payed $300 for the 64GB version, and I'm still slack-jawed at what a steal this was, especially compared to Apple's offering. BlackBerry Bridge is brilliant. Both cameras are stunning. The display is stunning. The design is pure genius and accents functionality; imagine: front-facing stereo speakers...who'da thunk? A hardened rubber backing so it will not slip...who knew? Like all RIM products, it flawlessly does what it's designed to do, every time, all the time. The iPad 2 is like a French Bulldog...adorable, soothing, fun and a great way to get compliments. Not exactly the smartest dog out there, but a great attention-getter. The BlackBerry Playbook is like a Panther or a Cheetah...a perfectly-designed machine for its environment; efficient, agile, super-strong, with laser-sharp focus and intent. I am ceaselessly happy with this purchase.
tablet_blackberry|First off I purchased the Playbook at Office Max during the Black Friday Sale. But before that I went through some craziness to try and buy the other Black Friday tablet deals. I'm sure you don't want to hear the whole thing but my first choice would have been the Asus Transformer, than the Toshiba Thrive, then the Playbook. The Acer Iconia A100 would have been my last choice (doesn't matter since that was sold out too). To be honest, the Amazon deal for the Toshiba Thrive (8gb) for $200 was an incredible deal but I bought my Playbook first and I'm happy with it. Here's why:I initially wanted a 10 inch tablet for the screen size, bigger is better right? However after using it around the home and even in bed, the 7 inch tablet is a much more manageable size. Imagine laying down in bed and holding a 10 inch tablet out in front of you for extended period of time. Also the 7 inch tablet is just enough screen to enjoy videos and browse the web and the Playbook is a very capable devise with an excellent screen.The Asus Transformer is a nice device however it's called a transformer because of the keyboard dock accessory. After that point, it's no longer a pure tablet, it's a netbook. I have a netbook and not in need of another one. Plus a netbook can be too cumbersome at times to carry around with you all the time. To me a netbook isn't that convenient to use, hence the reason why I wanted a tablet.The Toshiba Thrive is also a great devise but it's kinda big and heavy. The reason why I wanted the Thrive is because of it's full size USB ports, SD card use and a regular HDMI port. However because of it's size, it is a decent netbook replacement. Having those USB ports would allow one to plug in a keyboard, mouse, external drive, etc. I believe that's one of the selling points for a Thrive but again not what I was looking for, which is portability and ease of use.The Acer Iconia A100 is the right size for what I'm looking for however the reviews about short battery life and build quality steered me away. The style and build quality of a Playbook far exceeds those of an 7 inch Iconia. Go ahead and go to a store and hold them in your hand, you will know what I mean. Also the screen quality is better on the Playbook vs the Iconia. Actually I think the picture quality on the Playbook is awesome, about the same as the Asus Transformer's IPS screen, maybe better.The Playbook's OS is different from what I'm use too, either Android or Windows, however it is very intuitive and really easy to pick up. I think RIM really shines in that sense. Also the browser for the Playbook was able to load any website I threw at it. Also because of the high screen quality, all websites are easy to read even with the 7 inch screen. I am very impressed with this little tablet. I am also able to tether it with my Android phone via wireless tether. (I've been reading that the Thrive is having some difficulty with tethering)Another great thing about Playbook's OS is the multi task ability. It handles multiple open programs easily. Also the way the OS is set up, it's easy to manage your open programs so it doesn't clutter the devise. On the android devise, I would have to go to task manager to see what programs are still operating and then kill them. On the Playbook, it goes away with a swipe of the finger, literally.Edit:I forgot to mentions the speakers, they work great. The speakers are front facing and are loud (for a tablet). Unlike the other tablets with speakers on the sides, you get better sound quality since they are facing the user.BUT... this is not a perfect device.The App Store for Blackberry tablet is abysmal. Maybe because I'm use to the Android market with a plethora of apps (more than I will ever need or want to know about) but the Blackberry App market is a joke. I understand that this is a fairly new device and can only hope for the best. Hopefully RIM will officially release the Android App player so that the Playbook can run Android Apps. This has been in the works for a couple months now.No Netflix. I prefer to stream most of my content so the hard drive space of a tablet is not that important to me but since Netflix is not available, it's a bummer. I am able to get by with Amazon Prime, which works great, and Couchtuner.com. Hopefully when the Android Player gets implemented, Netflix can be ported.No native email and calendar. For some of you this may be a deal breaker, not really for me but it would be nice to have. Again RIM announced a native email and calendar app for the Playbook in February 2012. I can wait. For now the Playbook has pre-installed web shortcuts to your Gmail, Yahoo, AOL, etc... This means no notifications of incoming mail.OVERALL:I would rate this devise at a 3 1/2 to 3 3/4 stars.The build quality, ease of use and simplicity is awesome. Right now the tablet can browse and play videos which is what I'm looking for. However it is hard to overlook the fact that the App Store barely exists and apps I'm used to having on my Android phone is not available.I am very satisfied with my purchase and would highly recommend this product. If you are looking for a netbook replacement (keyboard and all), go with a 10 inch tablet. It's hard to do actually work on a 7 inch screen, no matter how great the OS or build quality.If RIM delivers on the Android Player, native email/calendar apps with the upcoming OS update, this tablet would be a perfect 10/10. It's just not there right now.
tablet_blackberry|I am very big on researching a product before I buy it, so I definitely wanted to make it a point to write a review on the PlayBook once I got some use out of it.I am in LOVE with this thing. Ordering it from Amazon made it easier and I felt safer than with any other site, and I think that the price for the 32G PlayBook was cheaper on this site than on BlackBerry's site (which would still charge a good bit for shipping and handling; mine was free. And don't even get me started on the in-store prices that would tax the initial price, which will be close to twice what you'd find here, to kingdom come.).While some might buy it for the game play, and others may use it for internet and media sharing, some may use it for social networking, others may want to hook up a cable and use it for professional presentations...Whatever your use, the PlayBook has it covered.The initial setup WILL require, as stated on the outside of the box, a Wi-Fi connection to update the latest version of the OS (operating system). After that, the features already loaded onto it make it user friendly. It takes you through a tutorial of how to use the swipe feature to make shortcuts and navigate through the programs on the tablet; and don't let that overwhelm you, within 30 or so minutes, I was already getting the hang of it.For all you BlackBerry Users out there, as soon as you have the chance to get into the app world, download BlackBerry Bridge. This nifty little app allows your smartphone and tablet to be connected via bluetooth. You can view files such as pictures, videos, documents, contacts, email that have already been sent to your phone - right from your PlayBook. BB Bridge also allows internet tethering, whether your phone works as a regular hot-spot or if you just want to use your phone's internet (**note, internet usage from internet tethering from your wireless phone must be done through "bridge browser" and regular wi-fi usage can be done from selecting a hot spot).The cameras are great, they do well with a considerable amount of light and there is no built in flash, but I do believe the quality of the camera makes up for it. The layout is very clean and easy to use. The resolution on the screen is amazing. Youtube can easily be played (and an app comes pre-loaded) and looks great and isn't as laggy as it is on most phones.For the gamers out there, I'm not sure how you would feel about a touch screen interface for gaming but it works fine for me. I am much more into puzzle games, but I did recently download (and become addicted to) a couple free action apps I found (Need for Speed, Asphalt Attack, and an FPS called Modern Combat 2: Black Pegasus) run smoothly, have great graphics, awesome sound effects and music, and didn't cost a dime. Whether you're in the middle of a shoot-out, drifting in a race, or battling in a daring game of Tetris, the tablet can still run smoothly while running several apps at a time and most will pause automatically when the window its in is minimized or toggled. Kobo for eBooks comes automatically on it. Free to start up an account, easy downloads, pretty good library of good books. I love this thing. I never leave home without it.The only complaints I do have (though admittedly, I haven't been doing as much research for the PlayBook as I have been playing with it) would be that I have difficulty with getting pictures onto my PB from my phone. I know I could go through the process of going to my computer and hooking up the USB cable and doing it the manual way, but it could just be me and my device or devices, it would just be easier to be able to send them using Bluetooth to have without using BB Bridge. There is a video chat app, but it only works with other BB PlayBook users. I did do some research and there are a couple CrackBerry apps that will allow video chat with other PC users as long as they have the program installed. And this isn't a big deal for me, but it could be a deal breaker for some of you, there is no USB or MicroSD card slot on the device. I'm indifferent. I'd rather pick and choose what I wanted onto it from the computer or other device as opposed to having them all stored there. That's definitely subjective.Overall though, the PlayBook is awesome and I love it. It serves many purposes, it's comfortably sized, some people may complain about the lack of apps because it's not that giant iThing (yes I know the name of it, it simply burns my eyes to see it) but do some research. I've seen some videos about being able to use the Android market in an app but I'm just trying to cover the basics here. AND whether you're extra careful, a little unlucky, or flat out clumsy like I am, and/or especially if you have children, please do make sure to get an Otterbox! AMAZING! It will protect the device and you won't be out of a few hundred bucks...and literally crying over spilled milk!Sorry this is so long, but most of these are questions I had before I purchased that I had to go to several different sources to find out! Hope it helps!
tablet_blackberry|What can I say. I am so glad I waited on the ipad 2. As a result I was introduced to the playbook by a friend and I fell in love with its size. After a bit of research I concluded it was just perfect for my needs.I waited a while to do this review, so I could have some time with it and like a lot of playbook owners, I am just baffled by how this device got all those bad reviews. This thing is just pure pleasure to use.I have been using a bb smart phone to keep my life organized & the addition of the playbook has made it even better. Being able to access my email accounts, calendar, tasks, files and even bbm from the playbook is sweet. My phone battery lasts for days now even with wifi & bluetooth on because I hardly pick it up.One of the complaints was the lack of 3g, but IMO I think I have a sweet deal. I can surf the web through the bridge browser which doesn't cost me a cent more. In fact I could tether it to my phone & use the regular browser or whatever if I am desperate without having the expense of an additional data plan to manage.Lack of apps was another complaint. Again, the device was brand new, so I didn't expect a lot of apps. Hell, the ipad went through the same thing. That being said, apps are coming out daily and I have been able to find quite a few useful ones. That should get better with time.Blackberry's support seems pretty good as well. Since I have had it, there has been a few updates to the OS that unbelievably makes it better every time.I'll finish by stating I have no loyalty to blackberry, but I have to call a spade a spade. This tablet is as good as advertised and I am very happy with it.Really happy with this purchase.
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|Its been a little over a couple of months since I purchased my 64G Playbook from Amazon. I travel a lot and hence a 7 inch tablet is a welcome relief from lugging around my laptop. With the updated software(OS Version 2.1.0.1032) start-up takes about less than 3 minutes. So far I have 125 applications, 380 music, 24 videos, 300 photos and 719 documents and books with still 37G to spare. The browser, for me, is fast and reliable, supporting flash which is a big plus for me. Battery life is pretty decent when i read books or watch movies.The update in the OS provides for the inclusion of SMS in the blackberry bridge which means I no longer need to pull out my phone to check on SMS from friend or the office. I bought the HDMI cable and an adapter which allows me to plug it into the tv set or pc monitor if i need a bigger screen when typing out documents or watching movies. I also use it for client presentations, hooking it up to a projector or their LED screens and I turn on the bridge and use it in presenter mode (yes this feature is also available in the more popular tablets, but it seems most of their owners have not familiarize themselves and hence are surprised and impressed when I do this with the playbook). Video Quality is OK but then again is dependent on the quality of the video you upload into your playbook. The cameras (3MP front and 5MP back) are great for shots with decent lighting (no flash). You can record videos (HD Quality as well).If i am in a non-wifi spot I just tether it to my phone and and use my phone's data plan.I have not felt so far "the lack of applications" in the blackberry appworld as I already downloaded what I feel I need for now. Here are 25 of my most frequently used downloaded apps:1) EPUB Book Reader2) News 3603) Box4) Business Analysis Toolbox5) Conqu6) CreatePPT7) Currency Converter8) EasyNotes29) Groovy Notes10) Learn Thai11) Marketing 10112) Maps and GPS with Google Maps+13) My Travel Diary14) MyExpense Pro15) PDF Creator16) Scratch Pad17) Touch for Linkedin18) World Factbook Pro19) Fruit Slash20) Dead SPace21) Modern Combat22) Air Attack23) Shadow Gun24) Hangman25) Get brains26) SleepsterFacebook, NFS, Tetris, Docs to Go, You Tube, Print to go are already pre-loaded. Unfortunately Skype is not yet native to the Playbook but should i need to use it, crackberry.com pointed me to imo.im.which is an instant messaging you can access when using the browser ([...]).For my work and play requirements? So far so great!
tablet_blackberry|I'm a medical professional, have an iPad1 and iPad2, and use Windows and Mac extensively. 24 hours ago, I decided to purchase the Blackberry Playbook. In 24 hours, I've discovered the Playbook with the current OS2.0 is a hidden gem in this crowded field of tablets, and in this Apple-frenzied society.Playbook when it was launched in April 2011, did not fare well because the OS was not good. In Feb 2012, it has upgraded the OS to 2.0, incorporating the functions they should have incorporated in the first place. Had they done so, the tablet marketplace may be quite different now in 2012.When the New iPad came out in March 2012, I looked at the marketing. "Retina Display" required all my apps from iPad2 to be upgraded to use the new display. The upgraded apps have ballooned in size, such that my 32G iPad2 (only 3 months old) has less storage for media. As much as I've been an Apple supporter in the past, the planned obsolescence with a new iPad coming out every year, means the product life will be only two years before one has to upgrade. In this case, as apps continually need to be upgraded, and upgraded apps take up more and more room in the iPad, I will be forced to upgrade my iPad every two years because the 32G of today will no longer be enough in two years.Enter the Blackberry Playbook. Hardware is ahead of its times. Since 2011, the display has been superior to iPad, with 1080p resolution; the speakers are stereo, there are ports for USB and HDMI, and it comes with front and rear cameras. Now with OS2.0, it's functionality is comparable, if not superior in some respects, to the iPad ecosystem."Browser" is fast, shows thumbnails of each webpage, and supports Flash. The built-in "Messages" app will take care of multiple e-mail, Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn accounts all from one app. Built-in Bluetooth allows for internet tethering to your mobile phone (if your phone supports it), so you don't need a separate dataplan for this tablet. Those that use Blackberry can also use the Bluetooth to "bridge" to the Blackberry phone. It comes with "DocsToGo" which allows you to create ".DOC" and ".XLS" natively; "PrintToGo" allows your computer (PC or Mac) to send files wirelessly to the Playbook, without having to use iCloud or Dropbox.I put the Playbook OS2.0 through its paces, and found it multi-tasks better than iPad (even with iOS5), so you can run apps in the background while performing other tasks in the foreground.One deficiency is that the Blackberry Playbook OS2.0 does not have native international language input support. Apple definitely is ahead in this regard, at this moment in time, unless Blackberry rolls that out with the next OS upgrade.Playbook uses the entire surface - the display, the bezel - for gesture control. iPad only uses the display portion for gesture control.The smaller form factor of the Playbook makes it easy to hold for a long time, for reading, or for web surfing. The built-in HDMI allows you to plug it into a TV, without having to purchase an AppleTV for $99 or an Apple Digital AV adapter for $39.The video and sound from the Playbook beats the iPad2; I haven't compared it to the New iPad.The New iPad 16G is $499, 32G is $599, and 64G is $699 (these prices are for the Wi-Fi only models)iPad2, 16G is $399 (Wi-Fi only); Apple no longer sells any larger memory sizes for iPad2.Blackberry Playbook is (as of this writing), 16G for $199, 32G for $249, and 64G for $299. And if you need 3G or 4G, you can tether it to your smartphone via Bluetooth.Though Blackberry AppWorld has > 60,000 apps versus Apple's >500,000, what the typical consumer uses a tablet for, can be easily satisfied with the number of apps currently available in either app stores. Granted, Apple has more variety (including their interactive textbooks), and more selection. However, most people use the tablet to read ebooks, surf the web, perhaps video-conference, watch YouTube or downloaded/purchased video. Considering the increased memory usage of the New iPad's "Retina Display", and the increased size of new apps designed to use the new display, there will be less storage available for media that use the higher resolution.If the consumer is vested in the Apple ecosystem, it would make sense to continue paying for the iPads. Do be prepared for iPad obsolescence after two years.If the consumer can look beyond the sexiness of the "Apple" brand, and were to look at what we truly use a tablet for, the Blackberry Playbook is a clear winner.Just be prepared though... the packaging inside the Playbook's box, is not as sexy or sleek as that of Apple products. I've kept my Apple boxes over the years. Looking at the stack on my shelf, I'm realizing I've been paying a premium for those nice Apple boxes.( I do not own any stocks in RIM or in Apple )
tablet_blackberry|I had to post this to due to the negative reviews. RIM has no plans to ditch the Playbook according to their new CEO on April 10th, 2012. I also read that Microsoft and Nokia had discussed a joint bid to buy RIM out. But, RIM knows that they have what the other two companies can not readily do for themselves...a solid enterprise customer base for their smartphones worldwide and a professional grade tablet that rivals the iPad in terms of power, screen resolution, interface, sound quality, build quality, and much more. Like other reviewers, I for one am glad I no longer need to use the button on the bottom of the Apple products I own. The browser on the Playbook is so much better than Safari on the iPad. RIM needs to market the Playbook better, but it's kind of hard when the Kindles have, for as long as I can remember, been on Amazon's front page (i.e Amazon owns the Kindles). New apps are coming out regularly. And, I can just as easily bookmark my most-used websites as icons on the Playbook's main screen or on the browser's main screen. Plus the iPad is just big...I'd rather carry my small laptop, which has a larger keyboard, around. My iPad would be collecting dust if it is not being used by my kids for games and Netflix right now because I'm now carrying my iPhone and the smaller Playbook for regular use. If Apple provides a smaller tablet with a better browser, this may change. But, that's not in Apple's plans right now. And, it would take a 3rd or 4th generation Amazon Kindle Fire to even catch up to the power that the BlackBerry Playbook has for professional use. Since I focus on more work oriented tasks, the solid professional build quality, the sharp screen resolution, and smoking speed of the Playbook multitasking abilities and is exactly what I'm looking for.
tablet_blackberry|The first attempt from RIM/Blackberry into the Tablet market has been Sour 'n Sweet.Sour because of the reviews: Much of the media have pounded the Playbook for being a "Half baked product", which I agree considering the original OS (1.02) release. NO native PIM, e-mail or BBM, lack of apps, buggy Bridge support (more about that later), no autocorrect feature, etc.Sweet: For users, I think reviews frankly miss the point. The hardware is solid, very cutting edge, and the new OS is a delight to use. Based on RIM/Blackberry acquisition of QNX (OS that power car media appliances, rockets, and a long list of "etc") it is ultra stable, a delight to multitask, browsing the internet is a breeze, even use all those flash based content "other" Tablet manufacturers say you really don't need (yeah right!), and now a LOT of new apps and games have been released via App World.Now, Blackberry Bridge. If you have a BB smartphone, you're in for a treat. The Playbook connects via Bluetooth to your phone and SHARES your data plan. Yes, if you have an unlimited plan for your phone you don't need to pay another data plan for the Playbook. Since OS update 1.0.7 (current OS) most apps can take advantage of Blackberry Bridge as well (think of Facebook, Bing maps, etc). Also, you get all the PIM features and BBM from your phone replicated in your Playbook. Whatever you write/send/receive on the Playbook will be in your phone as well.Now to really get your attention, this coming february OS 2.0 is coming for the Playbook. This should include many new features including native email, PIM features and Android app player. The last one lets you use Android apps seamlessly on the Playbook's OS (provided they have been repackaged for it, should be a no brainer for developers. There are UNOFFICIAL ways to get apps to the Playbook though) which should unleash many apps on the Playbook. I don't give it 5 stars because of the current development of the OS, maybe if the 2.0 OS was around it would be 5 stars.
tablet_blackberry|I am not a techie and dont have a business smart phone (which Blackberry supposedly have expertise in for years). I purchased this Playbook 16 G over Black Friday at $199 which to me is a no brainer over the Kindle Fire (which I almost prebooked few months back).Here's my reasons (for now):--7 inch size, very portable and light weight, will fit even in most pants pocket. I used to travel with my netbook that weights over 2 pounds--primarily used for internet surfing, emailing in any Wi-Fi hotspots I can find. Even at that weight it is not easy to lug around and turn on instantly. Now with the Playbook (PB) with a leather protective cover weighs 1.1 pound, smaller dimension than netbook and turn on from sleep mode instantly. For others who debate screen too small and prefer Ipad bigger screen-- that is strictly a personal preference. I just dont see it suitable for me because it is not portable enough. And 7" screen size is big enough for me when I've been carrying an IPOD touch for last several years which I still use and love but screen a little small for surfing.--HD camera and screen. I've browse through other 7 inch tablets: Acer Iconia A100 which was on sale recently for $189, but the color is just not comparable. Samsung Galaxy is beautiful but cost few hundred dollars more. PB is just beautiful in videos and have dual speakers on the sides (not the back that can sound muffled). With front and back camera potentially I can do Skype when PB gets upgrade, and if it never gets upgrade-- la de da, who cares at $199. Also can you imagine discreetly trying to take picture with IPAD 2? With PB it is easier to do.-- which brings up the comparison with Kindle Fire. There are already tons on comparison on google and I wont repeat it. But I think from what I have researched so far at $199, PB is a steal for me. Fire is sold at a loss too at Amazon but it is a win win for the consumer because it seemed like a sub-$200 tablet is the price point for most consumers as attested by first the HP tablet sold out and now the PB too (and of course the Kindle Fire is selling like hotcake too).It is a no brainer for me to get PB over Fire for the same price because it has dual cameras, microphone, a true multi-tasking browser, bigger RAM (1 gb vs 500mb)and storage (16 g vs 8 g). And if in Feb PB gets upgrade and can access Android market, then it's a bonus for me. In the meantime, not a dealbreaker.--Ease of use. After reading a few pages into the Crackberry forum, I gleaned enough useful information for basic navigation and the more I use it the more I like it. Learning curve is not that steep and it is a marvelous little device. For those who have already purchased the PB and complained about hard to use, I said give it a chance and read up few tips on the forum and it is a wonderful device.-- Battery. Great. Charge fully with the wall charger within couple hours. The USB-mini USB cord I found out dont really charge or charge at such slow rate I pretty much dont use it. And battery is a much bigger capacity one over the Acer Iconia that I was considering at one time and can last pretty much whole day on frequent use. When put on sleep mode, battery really does not drain much at all-- which brings up the loudly complained point of "POWER BUTTON" being way too small-- well, just dont turn off power button, put on sleep mode then you really dont have to fuss with small button. For me, it is not a problem cause using my finger tip I can turn on or off with no problem.-- No native mail etc. Not a problem for me since I just use my Gmail, AOL through the browser when I get to Wi-Fi spot, same as what I've been doing with my netbook.-- No Kindle app. I already have a Kindle which measure exactly as my PB with Leather cover, the duo plus my IPOD touch make great travel companions and keep me occupied and entertained for hours on end. And as I said before when BB do upgrade and include Android market then watch out a WHOLE NEW WORLD of potentials. In the meantime, I am very happy with my sub-$200 device.-- Tethering. Not a feature I am currently using but intriguing for me. Read that a lot of user like it to tether to their phones to avoid additional monthly charge.The only CON so far which has been resolved: For about a week since purchase I had connection problem with PB at home. Connection was intermittent even with the WI FI signal four bars (strongest). Cant figure out and talked to numerous techs at Blackberry. Talked to my ISP and even Cisco who makes my router. The strange thing was PB worked beautifully outside of home in various Wi-FI hotspots (Starbucks, McDOnalds, Whole Foods etc). I deduced it may be a ROUTER problem and the last tech at PB had me reconfigured the Cisco Valet Plus router to wireless G as compared to Wirelss N and now PB worked at home without any problem. And multi-tasking is a joy to use.I gave 5 stars for the solidly built device with a great OS that has a understated elegant look. Four stars for now for a somewhat limited app market but lots of potential.
tablet_blackberry|So far, so great.I never wanted a tablet before. And I am one of the people Blackberry doesn't even think about: the completely nontechnical type.People like us learn how to use whatever we are interested in, but we have no innate flair for it. We just slog slowly and carefully through directions until we understand each part of How To.So I bought this with a fairly good idea of my inevitable learning curve for a new ecosystem, as well as the rewards for my efforts later on. So far, I am extremely pleased.Between the tutorials on the Blackberry site and the generous enthusiasts at Crackberry.com, I was able to find out all the little steps I could not have guessed.(Patience at the beginning is the prerequisite virtue for those who have no idea how anything from Blackberry works. It is not that hard to learn.But if you have no knowledge, and no patience for learning either, then you have nothing to work with at all. In that case, buy an Apple.)The Playbook hardware is very well-constructed, and a real pleasure to use. The screen and the sound quality are exceptional, and 64GB is fine for my purposes.This combination is why I bought the Blackberry Playbook, and why I am glad I did: it has wonderful visual clarity, great sound and decent storage at a very good price.The app aspect is obviously extremely important: you have to know exactly what you want this tablet for, and what the available apps will and won't do.So far, my basic software needs have been easily satisfied. In this, I am in a minority. I wanted a simple browser, decent audio and video software, a good file manager, and an epub reader.And in particular, I wanted to be able to play my personal audio and video files from different sources- which is working well so far.Then I added a few extras, as everyone does, according to interests. I'm all set. But before buying this lovely little device, make sure you can use it according to your needs.I am delighted, rather than disappointed, because I knew what I wanted before I bought it.I read about the screen, but that didn't prepare me for just how clear and beautiful it really is. I knew the sound quality was very good too, but I was still surprised at just how good.Battery life is excellent so far. WiFi has been painless, and browsing has been easy. My desktop installed the device drivers and set up the Playbook without any problem.The included charger works just fine, and I ordered a separate rapid charger too, along with a good case.I know I have barely touched the surface of what this device is capable of, but I'm not in a hurry. I enjoy leisurely meandering around in the world of possibilities.All in all, I find this device somewhat astonishing: the sheer quality of it has exceeded my expectations by quite a bit.Having said that, I will add that if anything goes badly wrong, I will come back here and report it. Stars will fall.Meanwhile though, I am enjoying this as much as I have ever enjoyed any gadget, and then some.
tablet_blackberry|Loved it. The quality of the imagines is wonderful and the speed is amazing. Wonderful product. Easy to set up and connection to wifi was effortless.
tablet_blackberry|Before I bought my Playbook, I was very skeptical. I Love the speed and all it's capabilities. I would recommend this item to everyone.
tablet_blackberry|I love the size since the ipad is too big for me and the BBPB can fit easily in my purse. I especially love that i can tether it to my BB phone. The battery lasts a good long while and internet is super quick. I use it daily with my phone and have had no problems reading email/texts and accessing phone files. I have also used the internet while away from wifi through my phone internet and no delays. Works just as well as my wifi. I also read books daily on it with my library's Overdrive app and it is very easy to navigate. I cant wait until BB 10 is out for the PB. Seriously, not only is this a superior tablet price wise, but hardware as well. I haven't had a need to download droid apps yet as BB offers several, but i'm glad that's an option.
tablet_blackberry|I bought this tablet for my 14 year old. I t works great, is very easy to navigate and has hundreds of apps for him to choose from. Both my husband and 9 yr old love it as well ( my husband especially). I would recommend this product to anyone.
tablet_blackberry|The only downside is this is slow to start up, otherwise it's great. Bought it as it was half the cost of the ipad, but I would have paid more. App selection isn't as good as android or apple, but it has so much more functionality than an iPad - the native excel, word, power point are great so if you want more than just a toy this is a good choice. Can't beat the price either.
tablet_blackberry|ordered do not even have it yet but the reviews posted were very instrumental in me making the purchase. people that took the time to write such informative reviews really deserve some kind of incentive. i'm sure they helped with thousands of buys. just reading i knew it was the tab for me.update have it now but the reviews are 100% accurate so nothing to say. but had an i-pad and for the price the thing should be loaded. save your money you could buy two great pads for i-pad price.
tablet_blackberry|Everything I expected. It got shipped fast and it was complete. Nothing was missing and I love the playbook. It was a gift and I couldn't ask for anything better
tablet_blackberry|For the price of this tablet, the 64 GB are awesome. Good built quality. Need to improve in the apps available, though.
tablet_blackberry|I love this tablet. It is easy to use and you can have several apps open at once on it. My daughter uses it all the time to play games. I don't think Blackberry has as many apps as Apple, but I purchased it mainly for typing documents and it wasn't much more money than a Kindle Fire, so I could have my e-reader, too. The battery lasts pretty long and the pictures it takes are decent. I did purchase a separate keyboard to work with the Tablet, as I felt typing on the screen for prolonged periods of time was too difficult. I would recommend this product to anyone!
tablet_blackberry|very reliable and easy to use and understand. Front camera is the best ive used on a tablet. Internet experience is second to none
tablet_blackberry|I love the wifi feature and the dual camera but I think it would be better if it could download Skype but it dies have videochat and you can download the imo messenger and talk on Skype. Portable and touch sensitive, I cannot wait for the blackberry 4G/4Glte because you would be able to use BBM I mean what's a blackberry playbook without BBM right??
tablet_blackberry|We purchased (2) Playbooks for our kids, and they are astonishing. The reception of videos is like HD on steroids! Highly recommend.
tablet_blackberry|This is my second Playbook this is a replacement for my 16GB Playbook, So far I am completely satisfied with my purchase.
tablet_blackberry|I absolutely love it. It kind of sucks that I can't get Netflix or instagram on here. Hopefully that will change.
tablet_blackberry|This tablet is a great, the screen touches are positive and there are many apps to do whatever I need.
tablet_blackberry|This tablet is very fluid and responsive. The construction is well done too.I would like to see more apps, ones that are common to android and/or apple. I hope the move to the Blackberry 10 OS and new App world will fix all that. I recommend this to anyone who wants a sturdy and portable tablet with bang for the buck.
tablet_blackberry|Bought the BlackBerry Playbook 32gb with dual cameras. This tablet is easy to use...you don't have to be too techno savy to be able to manipulate this one. Excellent screen and graphical display(clear, clean and defined). Great camera and video and the touch screen is very responsive. Long battery life....Only downside is not too many free applications to download as with the other Android tablets. I love my BlackBerry!
tablet_blackberry|This tablet is incredible, its OS is really good, all applications run as expected, I really recommend this tablet :).
tablet_blackberry|If you're a casual tablet user who's looking for something that will allow you to watch videos, facebook, twitter etc..you can't beat the price. The display is magnificent, and my HD movies shine and sparkle. This tablet zips along while I jump from app to app. I bought this for my 12 year old son who takes it EVERYWHERE! If you're into playing the higher end shooters/ arcade style games, this tablet will handle them no problem. Took away a star because I realized you have to be careful not to let the battery die all the way down...it will be a pain to charge back up.
tablet_blackberry|This was a Christmas gift for my 17 year old daughter. She has enjoyed it. No complaints. She uses it everyday.
tablet_blackberry|I really like the tablet. The graphics are amazing and the apps that are preloaded are great. I am hopeful that Blackberry will receive more apps soon.
tablet_blackberry|This is a great little tablet with HD cyrstal clear screen and excelent touch screen response! Love that the menus pull down or up from the frame of the screen! Good job RIM, now fix the OS so I can have netflix and any other app I want on it (supposed to have an updated OS coming out in a few weeks!).
tablet_blackberry|excellent product, I commend you for your service. will recommend to my friends and family. next purchase will be provided to your store.
tablet_blackberry|I've had this for over a year now and I still love it. Perfect size for portability, fast, good browsing experience and great messaging app. I wrote this on my playbook using predictive text.
tablet_blackberry|My only complaint with this tablet is the format of the e-mail. They could have done better. Love the rest of it! Great as an e-reader for books borrowed through MCLS!
tablet_blackberry|This tablet is great! I was stuck between this one and the kindle fire. I am so glad that I went with the blackberry playbook! The kids love them and they have plenty of storage space. My daughter watches movies nonstop and has no issues with it at all. We even downloaded a bunch of cool apps by sideloading them onto the playbook. I am going to get one for myself as soon as I get the extra cash.... Love it!
tablet_blackberry|This is an awesome product if you own any BlackBerry products. No complaints here and it's also a great gift idea too.
tablet_blackberry|Love the play book, pretty easy to use considering i'm not very computer savy,apps not a problem ,but not as many as my daughter in laws ipad mini,(but much cheaper), made very well, am very pleased so far,I have ordered the book play book for dummies so I can use it better,try it,I know you'll love it
tablet_blackberry|IPad was a little out of my price range. This seems to do everything I need it to do. Great Price.
tablet_blackberry|it really awesome cause the 2 i bought was for me and my husband and we are really loving it thanks alot
tablet_blackberry|I have the 32GB IPad 3, LTE (Verizon) and the 16G Playbook. No kidding, the IPad is great. I use it regularly, and it's apps are clearly superior -- everyone knows this. However, hands down, the tablet I pick up the most for regular tinkers is the Playbook. I find the IPad heavy, big, and cumbersome, vs. the Playbook's perfect size for reading and surfing the internet. When I don't have a light, I use the Kindle app (sideloaded) on the Playbook instead of my Kindle. Plus, at $120 vs $800, I'm not nearly as worried about the Playbook geting "dinged" or thrown around a little bit.I don't think that tablets are yet laptop replacements. If they were, I would suggest the IPad. However, since I still need to use my laptop for most things, if it's between the two, pick up the Playbook - it's a sweet buy. (I haven't compared it to the Nexus 7, which might give it a serious run for its money.)
tablet_blackberry|I bought my PlayBook a few weeks ago from Office Depot at a very low clearance price. This is the first tablet I've ever owned and so far I love it. It's a powerful little computer with a large amount of storage. Of course, I have read about the somewhat limited choice of apps, but that doesn't bother me now. Maybe I don't know what I'm missing, but I am enjoying what the PlayBook can do: play music, view YouTube, surf the web (my faves are NFL.com and Packers.com), do email, take pictures, and read books (using Kobo).
tablet_blackberry|I currently had an ipad 2 & was a bit hesitate about this tablet but I was proofed completely wrong its a great size very light and it as good graphics..it's a must buy definitely :)
tablet_blackberry|This is a great organizer for my busy life. It's light and easy to use. I would love to recommended this product to you.
tablet_blackberry|I jumped on the bandwagon knowing that this may not live up to its hype. The price was right (early 2012, its even lower now) and i am still a BB supporter - primarily for the awesome international data plans.The bridge interface is good, it has gotten better since i bought the Playbook. But still leaves a lot to be desired. It would be great if 3rd party apps could work over bridge (like whatsapp)Frankly i don't use it a lot, as it seems redundant to carry both the playbook and a the phone (and a laptop, and kindle, and a camera, when i travel) - especially now that the larger screen phones are so good (not BB of course, but one can hope in 2013...)I didn't really find that this would replace my kindle in anyway, maybe if i give it a second chance... wondering if it would be worth mounting it in my car... maybe I'd get more use out of it.As a 200 dollar bedside alarm clock it works well (especially the finger gesture that turns on the screen when you slide down from the top!), but is expensive for that (with the charging stand).
tablet_blackberry|I love it.iam New at this.ihas some useful apps.some not as much.i would recommend this to a friend.great tablet forma the price
tablet_blackberry|It's very fast when browsing (faster than Ipad 2). Multitasking is flawless. Applications are inadequate.Very good value for money when you consider Samsung and Apple products. Full android compatibility will boost this device!
tablet_blackberry|Great product!! works just like advertised. Has great battery life and multitasking functionality.It comes with a nice protective pouch unlike other tablets.
tablet_blackberry|I'll be gratefull with this product , is incredible, complete all my requeriments , but I believe that I can't put more memory inside , this is the unique complaint about . Thanks to the seller Fiume Perduto , excellent service, on time and the item arrive fast and it's like the description . 100 % service OK and 100 % quality . RIM and Blackberry are the best in the market , strong software paltaform , security and guarantee . And in the way , they are for serious people include scientific users. I recomend this product to a friend that work in scientific research and he buy a Blackberry . Come on , Blackberry is alive and more stronger that the media says .This a dispositive for bussiness , education and science too , is different thath another tablets that are most used for media .Ahhh the qulity of pictures and videos is optimal .
tablet_blackberry|Let me first say that my wife has an iphone and an ipad so I am very familiar with the Apple products. They are pretty elegant no doubt. However as a workhorse my Playbook is pretty awesome. I carry important word docs and business planning stuff on excel right with me now. Even updated a powerpoint one morning while listening to pandora, checking news,FB,etc. The ability to minimize apps and Internet windows and scroll through them flicking them away if finished or tapping them to use is handy. The Conqu to do app is very powerful and I have projects and personal stuff all at my fingertips. At Panera the other day I was frustrated with the speed of the wifi so I jumped on my phone's Internet access through Verizon via BlackBerry bridge. It works great. The size is way better than ipad. I think it's a matter of public uninformed opinion and poor marketing from BlackBerry. They brought the tablet to market too soon with no native email client. All the reviews make such a big negative deal about the bridge to the phone. And then everyone wrote it off. The folks at staples and office Depot are clueless and of no help. I took a leap of faith and bought the 64 GB and wow. So much better than a ipad. Just my opinion. BB needs to figure out how to market and position its products-before its too late.
tablet_blackberry|This thing is a very classy, and solidly build product. The screen is top notch and the QNX OS is definitely innovative. My girlfriend has the new IPAD and it is also awesome, but in a different way. For half the price, I'd save your money and get this, especially if you want something more portable than a 10 inch slab.
tablet_blackberry|extremely great value. you can have no greater tablet for that price. great screen. super fast speed. good memory. never any glichtes
tablet_blackberry|I from France--- All I can say it's a great tablet. Easy to use. Looks great. High-definition screen is great. It's verry fast and multi-tasks is the best I have seen. The browse is very good, the wifi is very stable. It's a good size and it is very portable. I'm satisfied with the tablet-it's the right size for me.It bridge with my black Berry phone. For $200 this is the best. I recomend it to people who want's samthing very good and at a good prize and is simple to use. Thank you Black Berry
tablet_blackberry|This is a great tablet, I love your high-definition screen, great apps pre-installed, the 2.0 software works beautifully. For the price is the best tablet on the market, 100% recommended
tablet_blackberry|No problems, easy to use. Looks great, I constantly have people asking me about where I got it and how I like it. Also, the tablet has a lot of great apps available for it and is a decent ipad competitor. Definitely worth the money, great purchase.
tablet_blackberry|I love my Playbook, I bring it EVERYWHERE with me, it's a great size and is very portable. The tablet is really powerful, never lags, applications start pretty quickly. App world is growing, it's not the best just yet but I've yet to not find an app to do what I needed at the time. Battery life is good, it varies based on what you're using the tablet for - games drain it a lot faster than just watching a video, but that is normal of all tablets. I usually charge it once every two or three days, with moderate use.My fiancee and I have been using it a LOT to help plan our wedding, from having photos with us, having a mobile browser to check prices, to our google docs files, using camera to take pictures for reference, keeping notes etc. It's been a life saver for us.The web browsing is great on wifi, and if you have a Blackberry phone it is even more useful because you can use the bridge software and you can piggy back off of your phone's internet connection for no cost. There is of course tethering and wifi hotspot features you can use if you don't have a Blackberry but I don't have any personal experience with that.I'd highly recommend it, and at this price you honestly can't beat it.
tablet_blackberry|Recently purchased this tablet, i did investigate any possible tablet on the market, features, price, components, etc. look a hundred videos reviews, and this playbook worth every dollar i did pay for it. works great, multi tasking, amazing screen resolution, very fast response, i use it at my university, it cames with docs to go compatible with office word and excel documents, there are some apps interesting on the AppWorld. You can compare this tablet with the Ipad2, you wont have any to envy to the ipad. Great tablet im thinking to purchase another one to my father, very recomendable.
tablet_blackberry|The playbook is an amazing device, fast delivery, perfect conditions, strongly recommend this product. It works fast and the graphics are great, the hmdi connection works amazing.
tablet_blackberry|I did not get it from Amazon. I got it directly from Blackberry and only paid $199. As soon as i turned on the machine, setup, and downloaded the new OS2. I really like the OS2 which runs very smoothly. The resolution is great, and it has the login password to secure the playbook. I have been using this thing for couple months already and still enjoying it. I also watch youtube movies. So far, I found it is a great, solid, reliable machine with a very smooth OS. There are room for improvement. 1. Rename and order bookmarks. 2. Access to files easier. Listing all files without filtering the extensions. 3. Offer a larger screen. I also wonder this playbook heavier in my hand or the iPad!!!
tablet_blackberry|Great size, Kindle installed and working perfectly, angry birds and plants vs zombies, bridge function for BB users amazing. Great device for frequent traveller's. Ipad killer, Badly implemented. Shame on you RIM.
tablet_blackberry|A tablet should be Easy, Fast and Capable. I have just completed setup on one of the two I bought. This one is Not Easy. For example:-No content behind tthe Get Started icon. That left me searching for some instructions on what to do.-Dead end instructions: More than once I followed a link or instructions only to find either they didn't go anywhere or required some other action that was unspecified. For Example: When I typed the URL for Bridge it just gave the errof message that it was not configured for my device. No instructions on what to do next. This kind of thing happened over and over.-Help is nearly useless. It will instruct the user to find information in a specific heading. But that heading is not there. Also, Help is only available online. With 64G it would have been easy to put it in the machine so users could learn the machine without having WiFi available.(Some of us travel and WiFi isn't always conveniently available.)-It is S L O W to turn on. It takes Two Minutes to turn on after pressing the On Button. Once On speed is satisfactory.-Downloaded Owners Guide is a .pdf file that is not interactive and is not consistent between index and content.. In this day and age? Really?Well you get the idea. This machine is not easy out of the box. Guess that may not be unique. The person next to me was setting up a Kindle. She was asked for Port information for WiFi setup.I have only used it a wee bit. Operational speed seems to be good. Bridge works like a champ. Predictive text for email and data input is very good. Screen quality is excellent.In short: I bought it because of advertising and price. Initial problems have more to do with manufacturer's attitude and failure than the machine itself. I think in the end it is going to do the job. A further report later.ADDED:Now I have had the Playbook for a week and have used it quite a bit. Bottom line it is a capable book reader and music player. The screen display is great. But; Blackberry customer suppport is at least 20 years out of date. I wasted hours following instructions while thinking that somehow I had done something wrong. In fact the instructions were wrong and/or misleading.There are some surprising gaps in how the Playbook works. For example each Bookmark must be individually entered instead of transferring as a group from another commputer. Only certain email, calendar, contact information can be synchronized or transferred. That fact isn't clear from setup or synchronization displays.If you want a book reader, a good music player and movie player and limited email it is a good value at the Amazon price. If you have a BlackBerry smartphone they work well in combination.
tablet_blackberry|I like the speed of the play book when you swipe left to open and up or down swipe to open the playbook. The only problem i have is that I'm not getting a 7&#34; tablet for viewing. You're only able to view a 5: screen. Not having enough applications that are basically used could be a big issue for some. The tablet speed is very different than the other ones. Swipe and go. WOW awesome. The other tablet give you the full use whether its 7&#34; or 10&#34;. I really love the speed how this blackberry tablet moves.
tablet_blackberry|This little tablet is great. Fast smooth I have the 64gig ver so plenty of space. With the update to 2.1. Running android apps is a breeze. Now all apps don't work but the most common ones run excellent and run in their own Window so multitasking is great.This review was written while on my playbook.
tablet_blackberry|This tablet is the coolest thing ever its better than my ipad only thing there idnt a twitter app and im a twitter freak. The playbook comes in handy because it has bb bridge so i can connect my BlackBerry to it and receive all my emails text and bbms
tablet_blackberry|It said refurbished but it looked like new i think this is a great deal. 3 months old still look like new and i havent have problems with it !! I would recommend it
tablet_blackberry|I will start by saying the size of my playbook is amazing. The price was great too. I paid 206 for 32GB, which is a huge reduction from the original price. I am not a fan of the apps, but I mostly use it for Internet and music. I would like to say it is the size is perfect. It has frozen a few times and I had to restart it. There has also been a little red area in the corner of the screen which happens in a tv before it goes out. This occurs off and on. But otherwise I am enjoying my new toy.
tablet_blackberry|Both myself and my 12 year old son have our own Blackberry Playbook and couldn't be happier. It is relatively portable and has never given either of us any issues. I highly recommend this for anyone looking for a nice tablet or e-reader.
tablet_blackberry|I bought this product from "Buy with Confidence" and that's exactly what I got. The seller was top notch; received it in less than a week with free amazon shipping. What a tremendous bargain to own a 64 Gig Blackberry Playbook at 250 in change. The playbook is fantasic; the QNX OS is really great and easy to use. I have android tablets but playbook is simply different. Looks like alot of native apps like you tube and news reader are package web based items; repackaged and streamlined into an app. I can read news without searching the web, since all the news are paged by topic in a native app. The display is sharp; the speakers are awesome; overall just a great none android tablet but allow you to run android apps in their new android player (not an app) but invoked when any android applicaiton installed on the playbook is run. I always wanted to own a playbook in addition to my android tablet and now I have one.
tablet_blackberry|Just to let you know that i am very impressed with the performance , touch quality ,and cristal clear quality of the screen of this product.About performance , i think one of the main reassons is because it has 1 gb ram, THAT IS A BIG DIFFERENCE AGAIN OTHERS . touch response is very very accurate, i really recommend this product to any kind of user, also the perfect deal got to be a 9" with all of this featuresthe only probpem with it , is the lack of free software , they have to open more options with android apps....we need that extremely urgent.byeAlex
tablet_blackberry|Hi all well I purchased this tablet as a gift for my husband and since I wasn't willing to spend a ridiculous amount on the i-pad this was a perfect alternative. It came faster than expected which was great. I did not buy this item new. I bought a refurbished 16gb from a high rated seller and other than a little damage on the box. I'm writing this review on the tablet :) the reason I gave it 4 stars is because even with the reset of the tablet I don't have the wallpapers it normally comes with which I thought that was odd. It's a great device. My husband absolutely loves it.
tablet_blackberry|This is my first tablet purchase. If I had to pick one word to describe my BP: Perfect.The speaker quality is excellent, the screen definition is spectacular, dual cameras provide extra coverage... I could go on. I bought a used(nearly new) playbook, for $100. I believe I got what I paid for. Although this is an EXCELLENT product, don't buy it above $160.
tablet_blackberry|This is a very well built tablet.The image, the sound and the screen size are perfect.The only reason I am giving it four stars is the poor applications.The price is also very attractive.
tablet_blackberry|great product, buyer communication was very fast and got my item days before estimated date. I highly recommend the buyer.
tablet_blackberry|Sorry for the late but was in love with the tablet, is great, arrived in good condition and good image quality. in terms of internet browsing is very fast. thanks
tablet_blackberry|Love the Blackberry PlayBook, Its much easier to carry around then an Ipad.Better video camera quality, better music managing than the Ipad
tablet_blackberry|This tablet to use my daughter. Was her gift for school notes.Is complete product. It has everything that my daugther wanted.camera, games, word, excel, comunication with her phone, etc.
tablet_blackberry|Excelente tableta estoy calificando desde ella, es r&aacute;pida y f&aacute;cil de maniobrar y muy buena calidad de imagen. . .
tablet_blackberry|Excelente, fue entregado en el tiempo previsto y sin ningun inconvenientes, lo recomiendo, es responsable 100%. Satisfecho con el servicio prestado
tablet_blackberry|it comes with 32GB and runs great a good price for a real BRAND, nice tablet.The screen 7 inches, my brothers have a10 inches SG and an ipd and they've too weight to my kids.I 've bought 3 playbook one for my biiggest daughter, one for my wife and now my mother in law is using the 3rd.
tablet_blackberry|Excellent quality for the price paid. The software is well made and it has interesting features compare to android and IOS. Good buy.
tablet_blackberry|I've had this for two weeks now, and I love it. It's pretty convienent when you are lying awake at night thinking about something, and you just have to Google it, it's nice to have something larger than an iPhone screen. It has the most amazing screen I've used! 1080p video looks like an HDTV!! even with lower quality like 240p it is blury, but it can still make out the video. it's the perfect thing for YouTube, and Facebook the screen is just large enough. I think if Apple thought about cutting the 10" iPad in half than they would have more options, because it could be rather annoying trying to type while holding an iPad on the go (as if you could that is...). I got the 16GB which I think is enough for me, I don't use it for taking pictures that's what my Camera is for. I did buy this with my own money, for a cheap, cheap price of $139.00! It's just amazing what happends when you wait for new electronics to come out. I bought a Nook (first generation on Amazon.com - used) for $75.00 (originally $130.00), this was after the new nook came out during the holiday's.I would certainly give this a try!Thanks for reading!
tablet_blackberry|For the price you cannot beat the hardware level of this tablet. The cameras are very good for a tablet for both pictures and video. The browser will for the most part display webpages as they are intended. I like having a full browser. The support for flash is good though a few websites won't let you view video content through this mobile browser. No support for Hulu or Netflix is a disappointing drawback. The quantity of apps available for the playbook are definitely not on par with iPad or android but the situation is improving. If this tablet would've had a fully functional USB port and expandable micro card storage it would have seen far greater success in the marketplace. All in all this tablet is a very good value for the money.
tablet_blackberry|I have an Ipad2 (from my employer) but I found it frustrating because it was WIFI only; internet and email was only accessible where there was open wifi. Also the Ipad is relatively large and heavy compared to a 7" tablet and finally the Ipad couldn't configure my Microsoft exchange based email account.I have a blackberry phone and heard about the playbook's feature that enables users to use the phone's internet accesss on the playbook. The other deciding factors was the very reasonable price (a small fraction of the cost of the Ipad) and the lighter/smaller size of the playbook vs the Ipad. I also had confidence in the playbook's email capabilities premised upon the blackberry telephone's ability to immediately and flawlessly configure and intergrate my email accounts including the Microsoft Exchange based account.I purchased the 16GB version of the Playbook. Upon powering up (and connecting to WIFI), the playbook immediately updated the OS to the latest version (took about 20 minutes for download and installation) automatically. The screen is very bright and sharp comparable (but not quite there) to the Ipad. The touch screen is also excellent and (almost) as good as the Ipad. There is no button to return the home screen (rendering the Ipad more convenient in this context).The apps available for the Playbook pale in comparison to the Ipad. However two particular apps; docs to go (included in the OS) and Blackberry Bridge (free download) make the Playbook more appealing to me than the Ipad. Blackberry Bridge seamlessly lets your blackberry telephone provide internet access to the Playbook (after an easy bluetooth connection is established). It's really amazing. There is no longer any "tethering" app needed (which apparently was necessary in the old OS). The internet for some unexplained reason is much faster on the playbook than on the phone (perhaps because of processing power involved in screen redraws but I am not really sure why). Docs to go is a Microsoft Office type program similar (to the extent a 7" tablet can be) and compatible with Microsoft Word. The Ipad does not have any such program built in and available apps (for purchase; ie pages) are not as good.Battry life is great, a whole day even with wifi on. As expected, all my email accounts are intergrated and accessible on the playbook (although the phone's setup seemed a little easier) including the Microsoft Exchange based account that the Ipad could not configure to work. Email contacts, calenders, BBM contacts etc are all easily imported from the phone.There is one big drawback (for me anyway) and the reason I only gave 4 stars in this review; the icompatibility of Skype. There is an excellent webcam on the playbook but for some reason there is no Skype app. The only way to access the video communciation capabilities is by communicating with another playbook. The Ipad (in contrast) works really, really well with skype. Someone would make a lot of money if they developed a reasonably priced app that enabled skype to work on the playbook based upon the clamor on the internet for such an app. If Skype becomes compatible with the Playbook, the Blackberry Playbook would be a really great tablet at this price point.There is no (Micro)SD slot to expand the internal memory. The cynic in me believes that is because RIM would like to sell the 32GB version for more money than the 16GB version (there would not be much demand for the 32GB version if there was expandable storage capabilities). Of course the Ipad does not have any such capabilities either (presumambly for the same reason).MP3 playback works great on the playbook. It is much easier to copy MP3s onto the playbook than the ipad (no itunes necessary). A free app makes creating playlists as simple as creating folders on the Playbook (much better than the Ipad or even the ipod). Videos are also much easier to copy onto the playbook (again no itunes necessary). However, the file formats seem to be more limited on the playbook; I have been unable to find an app to play .avi files so far.Before purchasing the Blackberry Tablet, I tried (and immediately returned) one of the generic $100 android 7" tablets. There is really no comparison between the playbook and the cheap android tablets. The touch screen on these 7" android tablets is terrible, WIFI routinely cuts off, the screen is not very bright and the battery only lasts a few hours. The only "advantages" of the cheap 7" tablets is compatibility with skype (which works horribly) and many more apps which is not really and avantage since the tablet itself is not usable.In summary, this is an excellent tablet considering the price. It becomes almost essential if you also have a blackberry telephone. The lack of Skype compatibility may be a deal breaker for some though.
tablet_blackberry|I bought this refurb from BestBuy for $150 and I could not be happier.I have downloaded several torrent files and loaded them as a bar file to my playbook.I watch MLB.TV using the simple browser set to desktop IE mode...I am SOOO happy i bought this and didnt waste my money on a sub par device.I love watching movies on my tv via the hdmi port.Who needs apps when you can do everything without them? This is a mini computer not a tablet!!!!
tablet_blackberry|People who have prior use of android tablets, be advised that Blackberry has it own operating system . Android Market, 1Mobile Market or other markets (are just that) other markets and will not currently work with this line : Blackberry Playbook. In using this tablet there are many strengths and few bummers. The strengths are its well made parts, great screen resolution, superb sound that is front facing you with excellent sound quality. The bummer is the tiny power button, no HDMI built in, however it does accept most mini connectors to your HDMI TV, AND ! when connected to your HDTV performs well. The APPS available through Blackberry are good, but you have to search through each category and try them out. The overall experience as well as the many free app's, utilities, TV programs (English and French) are good. Sound is far more superb than most tablets, image quality far superior. The power button is small and hard to access, there is the s-l-o-w-e-s-t start up ever for a tablet, and takes what seems to be a seriously delayed start up. Some nice things are that when online, making purchases, you can instantly take a picture of anything you are experiencing simply by pressing the top arrow keys together at the same time located next to the power button.. this sends any image then to your pictures.The other odd thing is that you cannot upgrade the tablet with a micro SD card, but 16MB of built in flash is good. Another annoyance is to charge the tablet all connections are on the bottom of the tablet (rather than the sides) which can lead to the tablet wanting to fall from surfaces. The Pro's certainly outweigh the Con's for this nice tablet that is like no other.
tablet_blackberry|Amazon is sell the same model for $35 more than NewE??.com.I was skepticle about buying the PlayBook, because the mainstream seems to iPAD or Androids, and a lot of people complaint about the lack of applications.The price kept me looking at it, and I just could not find a better price tablet with 64 GB (I paid $299, not tax, no shipping). I bought the PlaayBook before the OS 2 was released. After about two weeks, I decided that most negative comments I found were on the mark. It would definitely take some get used to. One of the more annoying problem was the Browser closed without any warning.Then the OS 2 release, I upgraded the PlayBook. Things changes dramatically, it is like I had two totally different machines. The browser now is much stable (still had 1 crash after OS2). All the apps are smooth (except one). The Documents to GO can read and edit my Excel files withour any issues. Apps may still lacking, but I bought the tablet to do a few things: 1. Surf the Net; 2. Read my stories in PDF (they were Word files); 3. Photo show; 4. Play MP3s; 5. Play videos; 6. as an appointment book (OS 2 comes with an excellent calendar app); 7. As an address book; 8. Play some games.The tablet was meant to be my travel item (I am tired of bringing my 7 lb Dell).Now, the bad - As I said the Documents to Go is a great app., but my PlayBook could not start the presentation part (like PowerPoint), everytime I tried, it gave me an "Internal Error Code". I contacted BlackBerry, and they acknowledged receiving my support request, it is now 4 days later, I still only get 2 of the 3 functions of Documents to Go.If I can ignore this issue, i could easily give the PlayBook a 4.5 stars, simply because the Tablet is well built, and with OS2, it can compete with everything on the market. You just cannot find another 64 GM tablet at $300.
tablet_blackberry|I had sent the playbook as a B'day gift to my friend and she just loouvess it!Awesome display and UI. Good speakers and a very good browser. Has in built pdf reader, you can edit MS Word, excel and read PPTs. Plays .avi files and many other video files plus has a HDMI output. Excellent video quality btw. A much better and cheaper alternative to the Ipad, especially if you are looking for daily use as its really compact, sleek and not that ugly white color of an Ipad. The only drawback that I see is the lack of a huge appstore like the Android marketplace or the IPad appstore, but from what I have read and heard so far, Playbook users will be getting access to Android marketplace soon.A must buy if you are looking for a good, reliable, fast and awesome tablet with the price range only around $250!
tablet_blackberry|I have now owned the Playbook for 2 1/2 weeks now and have been extremely overjoyed with this purchase. I had one of my friends bring it over when they were @$299. I love the display and the speed of the playbook. I am also extremely pleased with the multi-tasking. The keyboard may seem a little difficult for people with reeeeeallly small hands but the orientation of the device can be changed for that. I haven't yet had a craving for an app that went unsatisfied (but then, I didn't really buy the PB for it's apps). As a portable device that can connect to the internet using my phones modem connection via bluetooth, I can be online from anywhere I have a mobile signal. Also, the bridge app allows me to access files on my phone flawlessly.All in all, there's nothing that I currently want to do that I am unable to do.I guess all the people who moan and whine about the lack of apps and games have set notions and app/game loyalties in their heads. That's like expecting a First-Class flight experience (BB PB) to feel like a cheap bus ride. Whatever suits them then!!!My suggestion, buy it now at a reduced price and experience the awesomeness for yourself :-)
tablet_blackberry|I am writing this review on my Playbook, listening to Slacker radio in the background. I've had the tablet for 3 weeks now and I really enjoy it. Great multitasking, plays everything on the web without a hitch, takes great videos which I then play on my big screen TV via the HDMI output, good battery life. Easily fits in my coat pocket. Sometimes I use the bridge function to connect to the internet via my new Blackberry phone when I am out of wifi range and it works perfectly. Oh, and I do play some games on it. All in all, I am very happy with my decision to buy it, and I plan to buy a couple more as gifts.
tablet_blackberry|Bought a 16gb unit for $199 after reading many positive reviews. Great for web browsing, the GeoRendr app is really cool, with direction in a future update would be perfect. Well built with beautiful high res screen, even comes with a soft case. Can't wait for the big 2.0 update. Very satisfied.
tablet_blackberry|I spent a lot of time researching the Ipad, Playbook, and Droid based tablets. I had physically played with most of the devices as well. The 10 inch tablets just were a little too big for me. I want portability and the 7 inch is perfect. The build quality of the playbook is excellent, even above the Ipad. The OS is great, multitasking, flash support, ease of use. Plus if you run a blackberry phone it is a no brainer since you can tether to your phone for internet without having to have a seperate data plan. The biggest downfall, if any, of the playbook is the available apps, but with access to the droid market coming in the 2.0 OS release it should take care of that. I bought the 32GB and am totally happy with it!
tablet_blackberry|Got my Playbook for Christmas and love it. Forums at crackberry.com very extremely useful in helping me get the most out of its functionality and I have more to delve in to. 7 inch size is perfect for portability. I have a BB phone so am able to bridge the PB to my phone for internet connection when there is no wi-fi available without increasing monthly cost. It can run websites with flash which not all tablets can do. the browser lets you have multiple tabs open and you can also have multiple programs open at once to be able to multitask. It has HD video with stereo sound which no other tablet has. I can load books and movies on it to keep me occupied on long flights. I expect to use the HDMI out to use when making presentations using their slideshow to go. I used the rear camera on vacation recently for both photo and video and the quality was excellent. Looking forward to using the front camera soon. All in all, very pleased with my purchase. Again, crackberry.com playbook forums has lots of helpful hints to get the most out of the PB. It takes more time setting up than a simple e-reader but has much much more power and potential than that as well.
tablet_blackberry|Was gonna get the Kindle Fire, but then I saw the after xmas sale RIM was putting on this baby. 16GB to the Fire's 8; 1GB of RAM to the Fire's 512MB, 2 Cameras to the Kindle's 0. For the exact same price, this was a no-brainer for me. Also, with the dev version of playbook OS 2.0, this device can run Android also. Twice the Kindle Fire's hardware and specs AND I get to use my Google account? Can't believe Amazon's blocking use of your Google account and app store on an "Android" device. Anyway, that's why I got this instead, and I'm very happy with my decision.
tablet_blackberry|i got this tablet for a christmas present and i love it!pros. great for surfing the web. taking pictures and videos are quick and the results are nice+clear some people say that appworld is bad but it really is not.cons the power button is small and hard to use some of the touch commands are hard to use/remember
tablet_blackberry|I am very happy and enjoy with this BB playbook. It runs fast and connects quickly to Internet. Pictures are very clear and video runs smoothly and wonderfully. Now I am looking forward for upgrade F/W ver. 2 to take the android apps.
tablet_blackberry|My playbook is 32gb and I paid $299 so the price is awesome for a tablet that really is top quality and in all aspects crushes all competition. This tablet does it all and then some. The thing has it all 3d screen an emulator, usb an hdmi connections, a 50gb box.net acct free, msft word, spread sheet, and the playbook has quality apps and New apps come out daily. WE Have ANGRY BIRDS all three in the playbook app world, which is safe, secure and worth every penny when I have to buy an app. I feel the playbook is the happy median between a home computer and a super fast tablet. The screen size is perfect along with the keyboard and the touch screen is spot on. I want to say just because the android market has so many apps along with apple just means those companies chose quanity over quality. I love my playbook......
tablet_blackberry|I bought this as a blind buy and wasn't really sure what to expect. With that being said, I absolutely love my Playbook. The only issue I had was I was really expecting the Playbook operating system to be similar to my Blackberry phone and its not. However the learning curve is pretty quick and if you've every used WebOS or some Android phones its very, very similar and basically consists of flipping through windows and flicking your finger up or down on the pad to bring up options or to close windows.The best thing about the device is that is 100% supports Flash. This means you can watch videos on most websites, including Amazon. Likewise, the web browser that is built in is likewise fantastic and maybe the best mobile browser I've ever used (it reminds me a lot of the Opera Mini browser I use on my phone, but even easier to use).I do have a few complaints about the PB however.1. There app selection is a little slender. If you need an app for something you can probably find it, it just want be the name brand app your friends have on their android or IOS devices.2. Netflix and HULU do not play on the device (though again, Amazon works just fine)3. There is NO email client built into the device, which means you either have to bridge it with your phone (more on that in a moment) or just go online though the broswer and access it that way.However there are definitely some other cool features that make me love the PB even more:1. As previously mentioned, you can Bridge the PB with your Blackberry phone. This is basically a Bluetooth connection that pulls over your phones contacts, BBM, and Email Client onto the PB. Its quick and easy.2. The screen resolution is truly High Definition with movies looking FANTASTIC.3. Battery life is great. I've gone 2-3 days without needing to charge it and that's with it being used for at least a few hours a day.It should be noted as well the supposedly there is a major OS upgrade coming in February that will be adding the email client to the device as well as adding Android support which should take care of the app issue.Overall though, having owned this and the HP Touchpad I definitely would go with the Playbook in an out of box comparison (Touchpad would win if you install the Android stuff on it, but if you're a casual user, that is probably something you're not dealing with)
tablet_blackberry|Purchase as Christmas gift. Pros: Very user friendly and impressive screen display. Love the front/reverse camera. Cons: Though 16GB, no capability for external storage. Overall I would recommend the Blackberry Playbook.
tablet_blackberry|I purchased this Playbook the day after Black Friday. They were out of the 16 gig so I went for the 32 gig. The price has gone back up since then so I guess I got it at the bottom. The reason for the price drop was the bad publicity due to the fact that the Playbook doesn't have native email contained on other tablets although the Playbook will be brought up to date in February when upgraded software will be made available. I purchased the playbook knowing this and assuming I could use Blackberry's unique Bridge program to get around this problem.When the Playbook arrived, I found out that the Bridge program wouldn't work with my unlimited data plan. I was really pissed but then I noticed how incredibly well the Playbook displays stuff on the internet and figured that for the price, it would be justified on this alone. I don't have a laptop. I, therefore decided to upgrade my ATT wireless plan to a bridge/tethering plan. I could have upgraded to an actually cheaper Bridge-only plan, but opted for the more expensive plan that also allows tethering, since I would need to use the Playbook on the road, so to speak.I've since been on the phone several times with Blackberry trying to get the Bridge working properly and it works well enough. There appears to be an inherent problem with the playbook bridge and my particular phone, which is a blackberry Bold 9000. If one turns off the bluetooth, with one needs for bridging, one can't turn it on again sometimes and the phone needs a hard reset to make it work. Blackberry assured me that they are aware of the problem and are looking into it.I must say, when it works, Bridge is wonderful. Tethering works although sometimes it is slow. However, the view is superb, and because it has Flash, you see the web page like it looks on a computer--much more detailed than on my Bold.In wifi mode, the Playbook is lightning fast. You can save different web pages so you can go back to them quickly. The Bold cannot be hard wired to the modem so you will still have dangerous RF waves cursing through your body. Also, one can multitask on this unit, which I understand is unique among tablets.I have noticed that no mapping programs I have tried will indicate your location along a route, although one of the blackberry techs said this will be solved in February, when the new software will be made available. This is important to me. It is probably accurate, since the blackberry does have a GPS circuit built in. As well, the unit has an accelerometer circuit so that the image is facing up when one rotates the unit.Blackberry assures me that the playbook will be able to utilize Android apps when the new software comes out in February. One program I am waiting for is the one where one can point the unit at the sky and see which constellations are out there. This should work since the Playbook has a built in gyroscope circuit.Typing on the virtual keyboard is very easy and for me, with my big clumsy fingers, this is great.The unit is compact, has a long charge time, and is really handy. I haven't used the tablets from the other brands but I can't imagine that after February, when the new software brings the Playbook up to date, that any will be better than the playbook. And this includes the Apple product, which doesn't even have Flash, which the Playbook does.
tablet_blackberry|So far, the Blackberry Playbook is amazing! We just got it for Christmas and have only had it for 2 days. I was looking at the fire, and happened to come across this by accident. At $189.00, we had to try it. My husband has a work Blackberry with a full data plan, so we were excited to get the added ability to bridge at no extra cost. The bridge was easy to use and install. The other thing I wanted was to be able to use Amazon Prime to stream free videos for the kids. Most reviews were mixed on this, but we had no problem! There are not many apps, but we purchased this as a family gift, and there are plenty of free and cheap apps to keep the family happy (ages, 7, 4, 3). We have an ipad, so I was a little worried that it wouldn't compare, but it is fantastic. I love the smaller size of the Playbook and even though it is very different to maneuver, all three kids were able to figure it out. This was a great choice and a cheap alternative to the ipad. I can't wait to try all of the functions and to see what the Blackberry is able to do. I also heard that in a few months Blackberry is going to offer Android apps. I'm not holding my breath, because I heard that the release date has been pushed back a few times, but this would be an added bonus!
tablet_blackberry|I like this product so much, I decided to write my first ever product review. I bought my Playbook on sale for $199 and have had it for about a week. So far, it has done everything I want a tablet to do (once I figure out how to do each task). I want my tablet to be an extention of my smartphone and to take the place of my laptop in a pinch. I travel a lot and I drag my laptop along so I can check news, email, etc, on something larger than my Blackberry phone screen. I do have to review/edit MS Office files on occaision, but it's usually minor work. I looked hard at the IPad II and the Asus Transformer and was headed down the road to buy the Asus after reading reviews of both. But, when Radio Shack put the Playbook on sale for $199, I had to take a closer look at it and ended up buying it. So far, this is just what I was looking for. Here's my take:Pros:-Connectivity to my Blackberry smartphone. No 3G version needed. The Playbook connects via Bluetooth to my phone and my computer. I can check/send email, move files, listen to music, etc, between all three devices. I can also connect to it through its IP address on the internet and move info. So whether I'm in the house connected via Wi-Fi or away from the house connected via Bluetooth (to my phone), I'm always connnected. The devices find the best way to connect and make it happen automatically. Of course, you can always connect via a USB cable.-Price: Though it lists for about $500 along with most other 16 GB tablets, Radio Shack still has it on sale for $199. For that price, you are in the same range as the various e-readers such as the Kindle Fire (did I mention it has e-reader apps available?). Side to side, there is no comparison in overall capability/flexibility. I spent $150 to buy my daughter a Kindle Touch and I'm now considering spending the extra $50 to get so much more in the Playbook.-Performance/usability: This is equally as fast as the IPad and the Asus I tried out and the picture is just as vibrant. It doesnt' have all of the propriatary software issues that Apple products have when working between Apple and PC based platforms. It is a 7" versus a 10" pad. I thought I wanted a larger pad, but after using the smaller one, I think I like it better. I'm mostly surfing the web and doing email and I'm not likely to watch movies on it, so smaller works better because it's just the right size to hold and "thumb type" like you would your smartphone. The larger pads are too big to thumb type and too small to type regularly (thus the Transformer's add on keyboard). I'm not going to type an essay on the thing anyway--just short replies and web addresses.Cons:-Instructions: It doesn't come with any other than how to hook up to Wi-Fi. You have to get on the web and search for directions. The setup screens are about as weak as they get. So, I spent a number of hours off and on over my Christmas vacation sorting out how to make it do all the things mentioned above.-File management: There is no file manager on the tablet. To manage files (or even see what you have) you have to hook up to your computer and work from there or search for it via the applicable software. So, if you have a Powerpoint file on your playbook, the only way to find it is by opening the Powerpoint viewer and searching for it. No big deal if you have your computer nearby to open the desktop manager and search, but if you are on the road, you are out of luck--unless you carry your laptop with you on the road which defeats the whole purpose. Maybe there is a better way, but I haven't found it yet and as mentioned above, it's short on instructions.But, in the end, I like it a lot. I'm about to hit the road again, so we'll see how it holds up. I hope this was useful to those out there contemplating a tablet purchase.
tablet_blackberry|I originally ordered a 16gb version in July for my father and he immediately felt in love with it. He uses it to read mainly online news and watch some youtube videos. Since then I have bought three other 16gb for my friends, my grandpa, and my sister as the price dropped significantly. They are all loving it. The problem with the flush power button makes it hard to press is true; however, it's raised on the 32gb I just ordered. Good job RIM!I have played with the iPad and I prefer the 7" form factor. If you need a larger screen than 7" then this tablet is not for you.I use my PlayBook to read news, watch E! News, check the weather, do my banking, chat with other friends and relatives, play games (Golf HD, freecell from Solodeck, Bejewels, Game of Life, etc.), check/update my FaceBook, take pictures, record simple videos. CrackBerry dot com just reported that Angry Birds is now available on the PlayBook now so if you are into this game, you can purchase and play all three different versions of Angry Birds.The Documents To Go app that comes with the OS is very minimal. I was struggling to find a way to insert a picture or a table into my Doc-To-Go document. If you know how, please leave a comment.All and all, if you are a casual user who mainly consume content (read news, watch some videos, look up information, etc.) rather than produce content then this tablet is for you, especially with the current low price.
tablet_blackberry|This review was written for people who might be considering the Acer Iconia A100 tablet instead of the Blackberry Playbook. Here's why I returned the A100 for the BP. . .Okay, so I am not a serious tech person and not in the habit of writing reviews. This is my first tablet.After doing my due diligence, I decided on purchasing the Acer Iconia A100, which I was very excited to obtain, based on the many positive reviews here and elsewhere. It seemed to me the A100 was a much better bang for one's buck than the Nook Tablet or Kindle Fire. I purchased my A100 on Dec 16th for around $260 at Best Buy.My A100 performed well at first. I was not pleased though with the touch screen and found it terribly inconvenient to type on, often needing to retype letters and phrases numerous times.After two days of use, mainly web browsing, watching videos, and the Kindle Reader app, the A100 became less responsive and developed a considerable lag, until finally it started freezing/locking up and requiring me to do a hard reset, which I had to do at least 6 times in the couple of days I had it.So, I decided to return and found that the Blackberry Playbook (BP) was on sale at Best Buy for $199, some $60 cheaper than what I paid for the A100. Not to mention, the BP is 16G while the A100 is only 8G.Hands down the BP outperforms the A100 in every way. It is LIGHTNING FAST, with multiple applications running all at once, incredibly smoothly. The screen on the BP is 1080p versus the Acer's 720p. I can not get over the stunning crisp bright HD images on the BP screen. Also, the screen on the BP can be viewed askance and at an angle, whereas the A100 can not.The touchscreen keyboard is a PLEASURE to use. It is well sized and perfectly responsive. No retyping, ever.The current reader on the BP is the Kobo Reading App, which does the job for me, but admittedly is not nearly as good as the Kindle App on the A100. Also, I should mention there is no Netflix App for the BP, yet.Oh, and the BP battery lasts a MUCH longer time than the A100. The BP battery can also be recharged via a USB to your computer.For $60 less than the A100, the Blackberry Playbook OUTPERFORMS the A100 in EVERY WAY. The current price of $199 at Best Buy is a STEAL. This is a tablet that draws serious comparison (watch the video reviews online) to the IPAD2. All for $199!For someone who was in the market for his first tablet, to use mainly for web browsing, some work with documents/email, an Ereader (a Kindle App should be coming soon), and for video and music (Rhapsody!) I could not be more pleased with the BP. I know people criticize the BP's lack of apps, but I haven't found it to be a problem.
tablet_blackberry|The Blackberry Playbook is an easy tool to use. Navigating is done by moving your finger vertically up or down to reveal or remove pages. When surfing the internet, the device can easily tab between multiple web pages regardless of the web browser. One of it's best features is that the device comes preloaded with all your favorite links (best of the web), and also hotmail, google, etc. It is also a very solid device. It has a good weight to it, and feels like it could withstand a little unwelcome abuse. There are many deals out there right now for this tool. I paid $550 for another device for a gift, and I paid much less for the playbook. I like both tools, each has their pros and cons, but at the end of the day they essentially perform the same functions but in a different day. I think more people will like this device when they get it in their hands. I like my Playbook.
tablet_blackberry|i said the best tablet and it is if u like web browsing ...i have tried xoom family edition and returned it due to speaker problem and auses transformer returned due to freezing and had to reset it 2 in 2 days and i have ipad2 so from these 4 i prefer playbook because i can go to web without any problem ipad2 is good too but no flush player. i think rim is faster then ipad2 and the best of all if any tablet beats ipad2 in touch would be playbook. you can multi task and the camera is much better ipad2 i think the operating system is much nicer then android no freezing or force close so i think if u want tablet to get app and play games get a Psp ...we should not forget the update coming soon so u can have ur android market too....here is whst is great about playbookyou can type much fasterthe touch screen is as good as ipad2 even more responsiveit is fastgreat screensolidapps? coming soon
tablet_blackberry|Bought this Playbook not sure what I would end up using it for...find I mainly use it for browsing the net & reading news while sitting in bed or on the couch, or for taking photos or videos. Impressed with the technology & touch screen responsiveness, though sometimes I wish there was a stylus with it for selecting small items on the screen (which are smaller than my finger tip). Size of the tablet is great for portability. BB Bridge seems to work well.Wish there were more, and in some cases better quality, apps available. However, overall I'm very happy with this purchase.
tablet_blackberry|A very nice addidition to the tool box if you also have a Blackberry phone- The Blackberry bridge is very handy for typing/reading email while travelling and a full laptop is inconvenient, but the phone isn't enough- video and audio are very nice. Application coverage is a bit sparse- get used to the phrase "it's on the way"
tablet_blackberry|Have been using this over a month, and still lovin' it! Great screen! Beautiful graphics, terrific games (whose graphics rival, or beat, other tablets). Love having access to my BB e-mail, calendar, contacts, etc. Works perfectly with my BB Storm 2 in that regard, and even offers up internet access via tethering to my Storm 2 when away from my Wi-Fi. Best of the tablets out there, not just for Blackberry smartphone users, but for anyone who wants great graphics, screen, operating system (QNX rocks!). Love the size, the iPAD2 is just too big to haul around. I can easily type on the screen and as much as I love doing that on my Storm 2, its even easier on my Playbook. I got the 32GB version. I doubt 16GB of storage is enough to get many programs. However, I can operate many programs at the same time, WITHOUT any lag time on my Playbook. Kudos QNX! Once QNX hits the BB smartphones, those units will take off. It rivals, and in my mind, will exceed Android processing. With a 1GB dual processor with 1GB of memory, and in my case 32GB of storage, this thing rocks big time. Don't hesitate to look at one at the store. My store (Best Buy) didn't do a great job promoting it to me, but I saw the difference, and the advantages over the other tablets immediately. Try it, you usually get several days to try it. 90-days free support from Blackberry. Yes, I am a Blackberry fan. Keeps my information secure, and now they have made that "pretty". Keep rocking Blackberry and QNX!
tablet_blackberry|I purchased this rubish from this, kind of reliable seller. I got it on time, but I recieved Playbook with dead battery.It just is not turning on!!!I searched in different forums and appears that many had such problem with new BB Playbook, but they solved this issue by charging the device for 6 hours!Rubish for which I paid $169, is not turning on even after 7-8 hours charging!!AMAZON, you are damaging your reputation by allowing such sellers to make profit from selling rubish items!!!Whenever I paid big amount of money to purchase some stuff on Amazon, I got nothing than just waste of money..If I could, I would return this item with pleasure, but I live in Georgia (country) and I cannot do so!!!REMEMBER!, when you are buying something on Amazon, you are taking risk to recieve some rubish item!!!It happened with me second times!Several months ago I purchased motherboard for $80 on amazon.com and it was not working, and now worse happened! I paid $169 and item is not working!That time Amazon refunded paid amount of money!Hope they will find some solution this time as well!
tablet_blackberry|i buy 4 of them, some for my relatives, two out of 4 returned back because not working properly, the first one not even able to start the first time, the second work for 2 weeks, then unable to charge, then when switched off, unable to restart.....
tablet_blackberry|It's ok but very limited on apps, and hard to find certain apps for it.... Otherwise it's somewhat useful if all you need it for is to surf the Internet then it's ok
tablet_blackberry|todo ok gracias por ser confiables todo llego nuevo de paquete 100 % lo recomendamos buen producto espero segir con ustedes
tablet_blackberry|esta tableta mi hija la ama es muy buena, corre muy rapida ademasesta muy bien hecha, y tiene muy buen precio.
tablet_blackberry|This is the second Blackberry Playbook I have purchased. I am sending the new one to my son in England as there is full support for Blackberry products in the UK. I love the ease of taking photos, videos, and even voice recordings. The pictures are really good quality and the ease of using makes it a pleasure for me to carry my Playbook always.
tablet_blackberry|I was very satisfied wiith my purchase and everything was include as if I purchased from the store and I would purchase. Again from here..
tablet_blackberry|The hotfix that this article did impact me much, I bought a gift for my son but he was not about to do it because I loved it.
tablet_blackberry|Product is great. It is what I expected and works great. I like it. It compares great with other tablets.
tablet_blackberry|I really love this playbook! It took me awhile to decide between this product or the iPad mini(i have an iPhone so I just didn't see the point) and I'm glad I got the playbook. This device looks great and feels nice to hold. The pricing is great, 64gb for $219. That's awesome! I love the OS(though i can't wait for bb10). Perfect for listening to music, the speakers are wonderful, and I love that I can upload music and content from itunes so easily. I'm a college student, so a great app the playbook has for me is the Docs to Go app. It's perfect for working on papers on the go! The email app fine. However I would like a real twitter app, the link/icon is pointless. The camera isn't great but it's okay if you must take a quick photo. This is a great buy! Bring on bb10 for the playbook!
tablet_blackberry|Love this tablet. Very responsive, quick multitasker. Very good quality camera.The cons: some apps just don't have playbook version - including Skype.
tablet_blackberry|It's the first tablet I actually own. I found the limitations of all tablets, in general, annoying. The list of things this tablet cannot do far exceeds the things it can.PROS: Great looking screen, 64 G memory, great camera and most of the available apps are good.CONS: Many of its touted features are worthless, e.g. GPS, Adobe Flash. WIFI sensitivity is low. Will not accept USB OTG and without hooking it up to a computer you cannot reach its file system. All in all, it's an expensive toy that can't possibly replace my laptop.
tablet_blackberry|I have been interested in both versions of the Ipad but I was never willing to pay $500 for one. When the kindle Fire was announced I was excited because I thought it would be a good tablet at a good price but I quickly decided it didn't have the hardware I was looking for. I took a 2nd look at the Playbook after 2.0 was released and decided to take a chance on one even with the harsh reviews. Since I am a Blackberry user the Blackberry Bridge made it even more appealing. I really only have a few complaints....The boot time is completely absurd, by my count about 2 1/2 minutes and apps are lacking but that isn't a deal breaker for me. No tablet is perfect but the way I see it I got 75% an Ipad2 for 40% of the price.
tablet_blackberry|Excellent product overall. Great fit and finish. Super smooth and responsive device. Ultra fast web browsing. Wonderful display quality. Games are silky smooth. Flash sites work great.Speakers are uber. Gestures are ingenious. Multitasking is better then ANYthing out there.Great size for portability.Been shopping for a tablet for some time and i can tell you that you simply will not find this kind of hardware at this price anywhere. Easily rivals 350+ devices.PS: OS 2.0 is excellent and contains some great features that really take this tablet to the next level.
tablet_blackberry|I was intrigued by the Playbook. I purchased one knowing that RIM was releasing a major update to the OS. I played around with version 1 for about a week, until the update was available. Let me preface this by saying I would NEVER have paid $500.00 for a 7" tablet, let alone one that had no PIM apps and a limited app store. Having said that, the basic OS (1.0) was elegant, intuitive and easy to master. The quality of the device is superb. I have an iPad2 (which I love,) and an HP Touchpad (just waiting for a stable Android build, although WebOS is nice. it's not an iPad, but very nice just the same.)The Playbook screen is absolutely stunning both view-wise and maneuverability. It performs quickly, and is built like a tank. The speakers are phenomenal for a small device. Cameras are of great quality, and video is excellent-better than many dedicated digicams.Now, with OS Version 2.0, email is great, calendar and contacts are intuitive and handy. The ability to install some android apps, (hopefully many with either devs contributing and/or a good Android Market hack,)and hoping for more, makes this an excellent tablet.It will be complete when some of the chestnuts are available for the PB, e.g. Kindle, (a must) Netflix, etc.Had RIM had the equivalent of OS V2.0 at it's introduction, and started pricing @ $249-299.00, (and didn't try to leverage its BBerry phone base,) it would have been a winner from day one. Hopefully with more apps and android compatibility, the perception of this tablet will change. It is an EXCELLENT, extremely elegant, fast and capable device in its own right, RIGHT NOW. A few more apps and you hit the sweet spot!Now if I can only use BB Bridge with my Droid Incredible 2...Incidentally, battery life is teriffic! Just drain it and recharge. I get about 8+ hours.UPDATE: WHATEVER YOU DO, GO TO THIS SITE AND FOLLOW THE VIDEO DIRECTIONS. IT'S FANTASTIC AND WORKS LIKE A CHARM! FOLLOW THE DIRECTIONS PERFECTLY AND YOU WILL BE WELL REWARDED. JUST HAVING KINDLE READER TAKES THE PLAYBOOK TO ANOTHER LEVEL, LET ALONE THE APPS AVAILABLE AND YET TO COME. THEY DID A AMAZING JOB! THIS NEGATES ALL THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS, BELIEVE ME! GOOD LUCK!&lt;...>Update 2: After spending considerable time with this device, I just don't understand some of the negative reviews. If you take just a little time to familiarize yourself with it, you would find that it just may be the best, all-around 7" tablet out there. (AND, the screen is GORGEOUS!) I suppose people can be impatient, and not want to take just a LITTLE time to find out how great this tablet is. With all the tablets I have owned, this is second to my iPad 2, and I love it.
tablet_blackberry|I own a Galaxy Tab 7" with 3g connection, it is a very good tablet, far better than IPAD: better resolution, crisper graphics, more portable, etc. I had look at the Playbook before but the critics were not the best, we own three BlaBerrys at home and we are very satisfied with them; on a recent trip to Canada I had decided to buy a tablet for my wife, after looking around I decided that the Playbook was a fantastic choice, again we are long time Blackberry users and the price was right.When I asked the sales person for the Playbook, he told me that RIM was bankrupt, that the Playbook was useless and all sorts of terrible things, but my decision was taken, finally got the new 16GB Playbook, after a week of use I have decided to get one for me, the Playbook is without doubt a profesional tablet; far better than the Galaxy or the Ipad!!!Of course if you do not own a Blacberry, it could be a bit of a problem, but with the expected OS update this issue should be solved.If someone asks my advice, I would recommend the Playbook over any other tablet without doubt!!!!Regards,Miguel
tablet_blackberry|I have been impressed with the Playbook since day 1. Many people (including myself) never expected RIM to deliver such an excellent tablet with QNX under the hood. Specs, OS, GUI and functionality are molded into the device like none other. This is a device built of quality you can see and feel. The multitasking capability is with no exaggeration; incredible! The bridge feature is a huge plus for Blackberry users as it syncs seamlessly and allows for anywhere browsing. Drag and drop makes transferring files to and from a pc easy and natural. Adobe PDF & Docs2Go are included and work very well with your Word, Excel & PowerPoint documents. It's been unfortunate that because of market pitfalls and lack of commercialism this tablet has hovered under the radar. Sure there's not a 1/2 million apps, but that's an evolving fix as developers continue to push them. Everyday more apps are being added. The native email & contacts hick up are fixed an on their way, as RIM mistakenly forgot about consumers & non Blackberry users. OS 2 will soon be delivered with much more than that. This may not be the best tablet for >you&lt; but it's definitely worth researching. I recommend going to Staples which usually has a nice/clean display and spending a little time testing features, interface, AppWorld etc. Also do not be underwhelmed by the 7 inch size, which is perfect for portability, but any one that I know who spends a few hours with it easily overcome the small form factor. As I love the iPad for what it is and tested many Android tablets, this device is a whole different beast.
tablet_blackberry|I bought a Blackberry Playbook 32GB because, like everyone, I was excited about the price drop. However, already being a fan and already wanting a Playbook, I was probably more psyched than people who have never owned a Blackberry (or had never heard of the Playbook).First of all, the size is extremely appealing to me. I think they have that absolutely right. I feel like the bigger tablets are basically keyboard-less netbooks. I already own a netbook, I wanted something even more portable that had a touch screen, but with faster web surfing. I also was looking for a great operating system. I really love the Blackberry OS the best. If you have never used one before, they are the most logically sound OS's and you will be hard pressed to find a better system.The touchscreen works so well with a fast, accurate response. I mainly use this for surfing from my couch or wherever I want. I don't have to open a laptop, netbook, or go to a desktop. I don't need a table or a flat surface to be comfortable. The small size enables me to keep the tablet right next to me on an end-table and it's ready to go whenever I feel like picking it up. It's convenient and handy like a smartphone, but with a larger screen surface and smoother, seamless operation. Very user friendly item. I wanted to buy one of these when they were much higher in price (I think they were about $599 before?) so I am extremely pleased to own one of these beauties. If you haven't bought one yet because there are "so many Apple fans", let me tell you, you are missing out if you jump on that bandwagon. I used to only use exclusively Apple products and for reasons too lengthy to go into here, I will never buy anything from Apple again. Let me say for the price you pay for their items, they do not stand behind them, and they are basically just like fashions. Trendy but useless. Blackberry is a solid operating system and it's beautiful. So it has beauty and brains! The total package : )
tablet_blackberry|I bought this Playbook from Blackberry as an extension of my Blackberry phone. I had waited a long time for them to release the tablet and I was not disappointed. I know there are I-Pad fans and I am one as well, however this is not an I-Pad, nor is it designed to be. I have always viewed the Blackberry as a work device, which I use it for. The Playbook works seamlessly with my BB phone and the best part is when I am not near a WiFI site, I can just use my 3G phone service. Best money I spent and getting special deals from Amazon only helped seal the deal. Thanks Blackberry and thanks Amazon.
tablet_blackberry|I bought a tablet primarily to browse the web. I started out looking at the ipad2 last fall, not realizing that it doesn't play flash. Then I heard that the Playbook was coming out. So I waited, and have owned it for a few months now. Bought the 32GB model and couldn't be happier. It's now an essential part of my mobile office. I do service calls all day, and am usually on the go. So, the portability was important. No more trying to read on my phone display, or trying to carry a laptop around. It's just the right size. The hardware is very top notch, and the display is great. The clarity of the display makes up for the relatively small size. The apps are fine. I do have a BB phone, and the bridge feature has worked well. There isn't a native email app, but it's easy enough to just use webmail. I often use the Playbook as a news reader. The GeeReader google reader app is good. The Blackberry News feed is a favorite. The camera and video are high quality. I've taken some nice videos of presentations at a seminar. The OS is smooth and has performed flawlessly. It's a "do all" machine. I keep finding more uses for it. I like it!
tablet_blackberry|Facts:- There's no better 7" tablet out there, the size is perfect- The OS is wonderful, so fast and intuitive.- Multitasking is for real- If you own a BB smartphone the experience is even better- The browser is amazing- Few apps but growing rapidly, and Android apps are coming soon.- Screen and sound are pretty good- micro usb charger- solidly built- keyboard is pretty good- cut and paste is ok- No buttons to press which is great- 1080 hd hdmi out- The size is unbelievable, really pocket-able.I tried the Ipad, Samsung and Motorola and there's no comparison in the way this tablet works. It's far superior. I highly recommend it.
tablet_blackberry|I went and played with a number of tablets in stores, including the iPad 2, the Xoom, the Galaxy Tab (7-inch), and a few others. The Playbook was my personal favorite, easily. I liked the iPad, but the size was the determining factor. The Playbook is really portable, and I can take it with me anywhere I go. I didn't feel that would be the same with the iPad (or any 10-inch device). The Playbook is smooth and powerful, and multitasks much better than any of the other devices. The iPad does have a ton of apps, but the Playbook has Flash support, which was another big distinction between the two. The number of available Playbook apps is continually growing as well. I read some negative reviews of the Playbook, but most seemed short-sighted. This is a brand new operating system (QNX), and what you see now is just the tip of the iceberg. This has replaced my laptop for most purposes already, and with future updates planned (which will add Android support, native email, and more) this tablet has a very bright future!
tablet_blackberry|The PlayBook lives up to my expectations that blackberry is known for user friendly, reliable, realistically priced as well as long lasting. While it does not have as many apps as the iPad does, it has its own unique ones some are better than apple's.
tablet_blackberry|I love it because the playbook support flash, the screen is brilliant and the size is perfect to bring it everywhere
tablet_blackberry|Excelente articulo, llego en el tiempo estimado y articulo llego con las especificaciones estipuladas en la descripcion del vendedor. Muy bueno el articulo
tablet_blackberry|Todo llego como se detallaba en la publicidad. Ademas el envio fue rapido y confiable. Recomendado al 100% gracias. t
tablet_blackberry|everything is perfect except without Chinese input&#12290;cool UI and vpn is so convenient and support flash make surfing internet so great.
tablet_blackberry|very good choice, easy to use, good camera quality... programs are not always available but you can download it by side load... not all android applications work on it.
tablet_blackberry|Blackberry Playbook 7-Inch Tablet (64GB)Un producto excelente, cumple con todo lo que requer&iacute;a y de muy buena calidad. Lo estoy usando hace un mes.
tablet_blackberry|excelente el pedido los felicito me llego en excelente condiciones todo bien sin ninguna falla bn bn bn bn bn
tablet_blackberry|I absolutely love this tablet! It would be perfect if it had more apps though, but I'm not complaining too much :)
tablet_blackberry|La tableta trabaja muy bien, muy conforme con el aparato, muchas gracias!!! . . . . . . . . . .
tablet_blackberry|Couldn't ask for something better. Truly a company that is trying to innovate and shift the market in the proper direction. Sure it's not fully developed but neither was the iPad when it first launched. This does everything I need it to do and with updates coming almost every 2-3 weeks, it keeps getting better and better with each passing day.E-mail, browsing & BBM on the go - no WiFi neededGames Games and More Games - with Angry Birds coming soonHD Video and HD Video playback IN THE BROWSER! Yes, you can watch ESPN3, Veetle, and your favorite streaming video websites without an app...Excellent battery lifeSuper portableGreat video cameras and video chat capabilitiesHMDI Out allows for me to use the PlayBook on my 40" LCDGreat for keeping organizedGreat tablet - definitely a must have!
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|Update after 1 year use: Not happy with this product. Even after several OS updates BB still has problems to sort out this device as it freezes several times a day. BB should seriously look at making a proper OS for this.This item did not have much details about the technical specs it had. I was under the impression that it at least had SD card slot or USB 2.0 but it has neither. I need to buy an adaptor cable to be able to transfer directly from USB flash drive to this device. Also i updated the software on this Playbook but it restarted several times already without any reasons. I hope the next update will solve this issue of restarting by itself. Also takes very long to startup. I think i could have spent a bit more and bought the Sony Android. On the other hand, the internet sharing from a Blackberry BIS service is very nice feature.
tablet_blackberry|I purchased a Blackberry Playbook about 3 weeks ago and have been very happy with the device. The new 2.0 operating system is a major advance and seems to have cleaned up many of the "loose ends" left in the original OS. The device is small and portable, and fits in my pocket at work. Good display and osund quality relative to its competitors. With OS 2.0, it runs Android apps perfectly - unfortunately there isn't access to the Android app store, but with just a little bit of work Android Apps are easily uploaded. (including Kindle, Pandora, Dropbox, etc.) Document processing is easy with Docs to Go, and I have synced documents easily with both my Mac and PC. The interface is intuative and user-friendly.With the price slashed to $199, this is definitely an option worth considering. The playbook has nearly the capability of an Ipad (minus the extensive app selection, though its now better with Android available), at the cost of a Kindle Fire.
tablet_blackberry|I'll make this brief: I've owned or used pretty much every significant tablet out there: iPad, Samsung Galaxy, Amazon's Fire, HP Touchpad, Motorolla's Xoom, and offerings from HTC, Lenovo and others.In terms of build and performance, this tablet betters them all: Super responsive, fantastic vibrant high resolution screen, extremely good built in cameras (for a tablet), decent (especially within a 7" tablet form factor) battery life, etc.In fact, if this tablet were running Android or Apples iOS, I expect it would be a major contender.Unfortunately, it is not. It's running RIM's QNX operating system. Now, this isn't a bad OS. In fact, it's a very good one. But there aren't a whole lot of third party apps available for QNX--and it doesn't appear there ever will be, with most development efforts being applied to Android and iOS.So you're kind of stuck with the app set that comes in the box. That's OK for some stuff (the browser is very fast and good, the YouTube app is outstanding). But other stuff is missing entirely. For example, this unit has a built in GPS. But it doesn't provide any apps to use it. Huh? The camera app that's built in is fine, but pedestrian--a shame given how good the camera is. There's no Skype app, though it has a front facing camera that should be used there. There's no Netflix support, either, to name another popular tablet app. There's also no support for the most popular book readers, like Amazon's Kindle or Barnes & Noble's Nook> That means that even though this is a WAY better hardware platform than Amazon's Fire (and, currently, at the same price), you can't actually use it for that purpose.The good news is that RIM has been promising support for Android apps in the next major update of QNX. (The bad news is that they've been promising that update since last Summer--but there's a developer version of the new OS that some have tried that actually makes good on the promise). But there's a catch there, too: You'll have to get the apps through RIM's own Android store, not through Google's Market, and not through Amazon's AppStore. That means, presumably, you'll only have access to subset of the Android apps, and possibly at prices that won't make you smile. (Especially if you already own a bunch of paid Android apps, and aren't able to use them directly on your PlayBook).In the end, this is a truly first class piece of hardware, but sadly not first in class with respect to software support.If you can deal with the software limitations (and with a 7" form factor), this is a great deal at RIM's current blowout pricing.
tablet_blackberry|Just wanted to share that I just bought this at best buy online today for $199. If you are thinking of buying this, u should get it at best buy or other stores that sell it for $199.
tablet_blackberry|I paid yellow deals for a new blackberry they shipped a used defective unit to me. Blackberry support reported the serial number was that of a defective known unit that had used up its 90 day support. I was very unhappy with amazon for recommending yellow deals who are such a sleazy bunch of scum.Blackberry were very supportive when I explained I had paid for a new unit Blackberry suport arranged to have the old defective unit yellow deals sent me for repair. The repair people sent me back a new working playbook.I have of course a great respect for Blackberry support. I have nothing but disgust with Yellow Deals and wonder why amazon deal with them.To be fair yellow deals customer service did offer to replace the used defective unit they shipped but that would have required me to have it shipped to a Buffalo address then driving over the border again to pick it up, paying customs duty and driving 1 1/2 hours home again. I felt that there was a significant risk that Yellow Deals would ship crap again so I continues to work with Blackberry.NEVER EVER DEAL WITH YELLOW DEALS I TELL EVERYBODY
tablet_blackberry|I had high hopes when I chose a Playbook after considering a number of tablet options. Physically, the device is exceptional. These tablets were intended to retail for ~$700, and they look the part. The quality is outstanding, almost like a piece of military hardware. It's heavy and solid, and feels like a serious piece of equipment. The touch screen is exceptionally responsive, it's too bad the operating system isn't the same way. I observed noticeable lags and stalls while navigating the system. Aside from the paucity of quality apps in Blackberry World, the highly-touted browser was also a disappointment, at times behaving very sluggishly, with delays of several seconds waiting for responses to taps. I'm not sure what the issue is, but even on a fast wifi connection, it's just laggy. Page and image rendering, however, was very good. There is also what I consider to be misleading marketing surrounding this device, as well. A lot of things I read implied that the Playbook can run Android apps, either in a wrapper, or as a sideload. This is not the case. While there are some Android apps that have been ported to the Playbook OS, there is no easy way to simply install an Android app, nor is there any wrapper or emulator that is accessible on the Playbook itself. If you want to run an Android app, you have to get the actual .apk file, which may not be a simple task in some cases, generally requiring a rooted Android device to do so, and you have to use a web or PC-based utility to "convert" it to a Playbook format. Even then, there is no guarantee that it will work, or even be recognized as an app by the Playbook OS. Of course, this is far more effort than most users would be willing or able to make anyway. I was not able to get the one work-related app I needed to function, much to my disappointment. In short, if you're looking to run Android apps, get an Android tablet. I was attracted by the Playbook's security and level of quality, but it does not replace an Android tablet if you need the apps and Google Play. There are many basic apps that should have been ported that are conspicuously missing. Gmail, Kindle, Ymail, and many others just aren't there in the Blackberry World.If you are a hardcore Blackberry user just looking for a larger format, i.e. tablet, this might be a good choice, given the heavy discounts. If you are a happy Android user, it will probably not meet your expectations, in spite of the quality of the device and polish of the OS itself. Supposedly, the new Blackberry OS 10 is coming to this device later this year, but it remains to be seen how much, if any functionality this will add.
tablet_blackberry|I received the product in a day! I turned it on and did an OTA (over the air update) and all these new apps got installed including amazing email services once I added my 7 personal and work accounts.I take it to work and I can connect it easily to my enterprise account with exchange and activesync serversI have all my messaging in one place, BBM, msn, hotmail, yahoo, gmail, facebook etc..on this tablet.I download (side loaded) android apps that I needed also,,works great on a bigger screen then my blackberry because I can tether it via bluetooth. I also then connect it via WIFI to another phone I have that has a bigger data plan. All connections are stable.I downloaded some gaming apps in 3D works awesome on the app store. I downloaded driving games and I twist and turn my tablet to steer ! its pretty cool.Unlike any other tablets, I need it for word documents, excel, pdf, etc to do real work.I can access my desktop easily with RDM+ desktop sharing.I can do video chat without my friends having a bbm subscription, they just need wifi and a tablet and I get their PIN and I can chat video easily.I love the fast screen, multitasking. This is better than the ipad for the above reasons, in my opinion. Also I bought two more refurbished ones 16GB only for my family overseas, so we can all do video chat and they have a great work/play tool. thanks!
tablet_blackberry|This was a gift. So far my mother loves it and it arrived right on time. So far she likes it except for the blackberry apps are more expensive than both Itunes and Android apps.
tablet_blackberry|Resistente dise&ntilde;o, esta hecha para trabajo duro no es como la mayor&iacute;a de tablets muy delicadas y fr&aacute;giles, este equipo si esta hecho para ser llevada a todos sitios. El procesador con el que cuenta es excelente muy buen desempe&ntilde;o, es realmente multifunci&oacute;n, se puede hacer varias cosas a la vez si tener que suspender ninguna empezar otra. Muy recomendable. Me la traje a Ecuador. Ya es la segunda que compro.
tablet_blackberry|This tablet is much better than the reviews paint it to be. Easy to set up and use. Pairing with my 9930 was easy and the BB bridge program makes this device more enjoyable to use.
tablet_blackberry|exelente servicio, recibido a tiempo y de buena calidad. todo perfecto. recomiendo ampliamente comprar de este vendedor. . . .
tablet_blackberry|I love this item, not only was the price was right, but it was easy to work. I would share this with my family and friends. Thank you. oh yes, It did not take to long in the mail.
tablet_blackberry|This product is underrated and only did bad among certain reviewers and sales due to it's originally high price tag and App World's lack of apps which is understandable why it flopped sales wise until they drastically cut the price. I had high expectations for this tablet after a friend told me how much he loves his and after all the amazing user reviews this tablet has received. My wife owns an iPad 2 and the only thing I prefer on her tablet is the App Store from Apple. It's simply a great quality feeling, looking and operating tablet. You cannot beat the price either now that RIM has dropped it so low. If you are looking for a 7 inch tablet then give this tablet a serious look, compare it against the others and if you can get past it's not the greatest App World store, you will be happy you purchased a PlayBook.Pros - Outstanding quality look, feel, weight, screenCons - BB App World could use more/better apps (this will happen, give it time, BB10 is coming!)
tablet_blackberry|Despu&eacute;s de dar tanta vuelta por elegir una buena tablet, hoy despu&eacute;s de usarla estoy convencido de una buena elecci&oacute;n, f&aacute;cil de utilizar, c&oacute;moda y muy buena resoluci&oacute;n.
tablet_blackberry|Very pleased with this device , it exceeds my expectations .Great picture , sound , and fast. Easy to attain connection .
tablet_blackberry|You can't go wrong with this as long as you take it's few limitations into account. 64 Gigs, good processor and solid construction, and the price!!!Keep your fingers crossed that RIM stays in the game a while longer and available apps and services increase, and did I mention the price!!
tablet_blackberry|After replacement, my daughter is very happy with her tablet. It works great and is loving how she can go to different apps very fast.
tablet_blackberry|This tablet met all of my expectations its a best buy. It works very well. From the camera to the very many useful apps even my 2 year old son enjoys it. My 6year old son especially. Love the need for speed game.
tablet_blackberry|I like to say that this product is what my wife wanted now that she has it she loves it.
tablet_blackberry|This tablet is great, works perfect as described by the maker. The only down is its App Store needs better apps.
tablet_blackberry|I like this tablet, is smart and easy to handle. I recommend it a lot. You will not regret. .
tablet_blackberry|bought for my daughter and she has had a great experience with it this far. Shipped super fast and packaged carefully.
tablet_blackberry|I love my Blackberry Playbook!!!!! It was well worth the money!!! I highly recommend this to all Blackberry users. It works great with my Blackberry Smartphone. Very Happy Customer!
tablet_blackberry|I have only had the tablet for a few months, I wish I got it sooner. The product has excellent battery life, excellent productivity apps, fast processor speed to get things done.This is NOT a tablet for kids or a tablet for fun, this is a tablet for working.
tablet_blackberry|The main reason I purchased this was because of the BB bridge!!!! Excellent!!! Feels like I have an actual computer!
tablet_blackberry|I'm so happy! Super fast! Tons of apps!!!! The camera is amazing! The images on the screen are so nice!
tablet_blackberry|A lot of features for the price - not as many app's as other tablet's. It has so many great features, but not being supported with enough app's is the only problem. Skype will not work on it for expample.
tablet_blackberry|7 stars for the Playbook!It works and entertertains.I'll come back later to praise some more this great product.
tablet_blackberry|Great tablet, compact, stylish, comfortable, fast, best for traveling, holds a charge well Took taking into account that he has a BB phone. Thanks seller, everything came on time in good condition.
tablet_blackberry|I am somewhat a Tablet Freak. I own a Nexus 7, a Kindle Fire HD, an iPad Mini, and I just bought a Blackberry Playbook. The Playbook is truly excellent as a device. It is solid, sturdy, the screen is beautiful, the touch is responsive. I like the way the bezel is touch sensitive, and certain functions and menus are invoked by swiping the bezel. I also like the UI, the way the app drawer appears below the main screen and the way the apps open in the middle of the screen and then expand to fill the screen. In short, the Playbook has almost become my favorite EXCEPT FOR ONE THING!!!!! That one thing is the disappointing sparcity of useful applications; there just are not many. I'm not comparing the raw number against iOS or Android. A few really good apps are all that are. necessary, and those are sorely lacking. I have not found a good search engine, browser or office suite. I have heard that RIM will begin making Android apps available for the Playbook &#34;SOON&#34;. RIM seems to have &#34;SOON&#34; as its company motto! Everything is GOING to happen SOON; RIM just does not deliver on its promises of &#34;SOON&#34;.I think it's a lamentable shame. The Playbook is such a well-built device, but RIM does not seem to support it well.. If it had the necessary support from RIM, the Playbook would definitely merit five stars. However, because of the lack of support, three stars is all I can justify,
tablet_blackberry|I really enjoy my Blackberry Playbook. I had gotten a Motorola Zoom and it is like night and day, the ease of use, very user friendly. Since it was used I had to swap it to get it back to manufactors features, it's the easiest tablet to use I have owned. I love it.
tablet_blackberry|I have the HP Touchpad tablet and the Plybook as well. The Playbook is the perfect size for a tablet. The Touchpad seems HUGE after holding the PB.Playbook is a must buy!
tablet_blackberry|It is indeed one of the best tablet out there for its price. Really fast processing, battery life is longer than I expected - it can go all day for my use, looks and feel are pretty cool too. My only problem is the limited number of apps although it supports android apps now but sadly not all are working and Skype is one those which I really need when I go out. But still I'd recommend it to anyone with small budget.
tablet_blackberry|After I read so many reviews on different tablets, I decide to give this playbook a try. I am very happy for the result. It's fast. I have an iphone 4 too. I feel the screen response fast most of time, only a few time will have a little delay. The response speed just like my iphone. I only pay $170 tax included for new one, for this price, I totally satisfied with this cute little tablet. For those people who need a lot app, I don't recommend this one because you will end up frustration. App is also the reason that I don't give 5 stars to it.I use it as a portable pc or pc on the go which allows me to use internet, watch video, listen music, read articles, and it is light weight, good screen size ( much better than my iphone size when I need to surf internet outside of my house). Also, very good video/audio quality.
tablet_blackberry|This tablet is really a great one the speed on it will blow you a way, it moves very fast, touch responds really well no delay. the blackberry bridge is really cool for those users that have a bb smartphone.the tablet from entertainment then for business. the speakers are really good as well plays loud enough. dont see the reason to get an ipad to pay tons of money for wen u can get what u wnt on the playbook.
tablet_blackberry|I bought a 32GB and ended up buying a 64GB also. I love it. You have to put up with a couple of delays in getting the apps you want because of the blackberry operating system, but usually only a short delay.Wish I could watch Netflix, but they will not create an app for blackberry yet.
tablet_blackberry|This is my first pad and so I am learning as I go but this is a very well constructed device and performs very well in all respects.
tablet_blackberry|The good quality of the tablet, very solid.The charger can be given in 3 versions to every country (it will add may be 50 cents for the total cost).Very quick internet browsing, but the software can be better, may be in next updates. There in no Hebrew language.The applications library is weak. For free Android games, like AB, here you have to pay!
tablet_blackberry|I am a Blackberry fan all the way. This is fantastic. I took this with me on a trip to San Francisco this past may and it came in handy. Arrived super fast as well!
tablet_blackberry|So far, I'm loving my Playbook! Work flow is unmatched for calendar, emails, and tasking. Games a cool too! Most of what you need is free and if you use a BlackBerry the you may not need to use the email app.
tablet_blackberry|The BBPB is great for the price. Most of the installed apps are great. The only issue I have is that it takes about 2 minutes to boot up. Other than that, it is great for what I needed. Docs to go...my favoriteBlackberry Playbook 7-Inch Tablet (16GB)
tablet_blackberry|Display is bright and high resolution, software is very smooth and straight forward. For $200, it is hard asking more.
tablet_blackberry|I love this tablet though I have some problems with it.The camera works so well.It can give you clear pictures as long as it has enough light. However,I had an issue to transfer pictures from this playbook to FB. It works well if I transfer only ONE picture. However, when I tried to transfer more, they 'disappeared' somewhere. Perhaps I have to study the manual more about this.Another thing is it needs longer time to start after you turn it on.But,so far..I love this playbook.
tablet_blackberry|I have had this tablet for about 6 months now. It is great for Facebook, web-browsing, and taking your computer on the go. I think the biggest down fall would be the apps. If you are going to buy this to play games on you would have fun playing the games but there are not many to choose from. The app selection for games in very low and the apps are a little pricey compared to apples. You can sync music with iTunes so that is nice. The multi-tasking system work great! I like it better than the iPad. The system is slowly improving and i would recommend it to many if you do not mind the app selection.
tablet_blackberry|I've had a 1st Generation iPad for the past two years and, while it's a good product, the PlayBook is better. It feels like was more thought out - 7 inches is a lot more portable than the iPad's ten. I'm also not fond of Apples policy of planned obsolescence. It still has a capacitive touch screen - makes life easier. The Android emulator adds thousands of apps to what's available through AppWorld
tablet_blackberry|This device is fascinating! I use it all time, I like to answer all my mails in bed and are a lot, I don't touch the laptop for that task anymore, for me the included e-mail app is great with system 2.0 not to mention how wonderful is for me the Bridge App with my Blackberry smartphone, a perfect combo for my needs. I have to tell you that I researched a lot prior to buying this tablet, ok the iPad shure is better BUT is a lot bigger, heavier and expensive, I'm not able to type as fast with the iPad as with the PlayBook, awsome virtual keyboard, I dream of having one like that in my Torch 9860 that is not great as the one provided with QNX.About apps, this is a professional tablet for work so I'm very satisfied with the Docs to Go app that is WONDERFUL I do edit a lot of docs on the go and I need a simple and convenient way to do presentations so the mini HDMI port is the key for me for that, just plug the tablet to a big screen and I'm set. If I need to play perhaps I'll be buying an iPad but I do work most with tablets and other thing about apps that seems to be a headache for many: How many apps do you need? and most af all how many apps do you actually use? when someone asked that to me wow the list shrunk to only a few (no more than 10) and the App World has grown a lot since the release of the system 2.0 back in February.Hardware related: this tablet is solid made with a great appeal, 2 full hd cameras sadly no camera flash, fast response, smooth animations, great resolution for a 7 inch tablet and great sound with the two front speakers. One last thing: newer models (as mine) came with the media and power buttons lifted a bit so pressing them is simplier now.
tablet_blackberry|Great Tablet, I bought it for myself, Works great! Its very good for work, great at taking pics,ect. It has a very fast web surfing (Only on Available netork)Has an app world, Great for downloading some games! The games are fantastic except that you cant access android games, apps and other stuff, but overall Has games, 5mega cam, Fast internet And lastly great for work!
tablet_blackberry|The Playbook has a 7" screen, large enough to see clearly, but small enough so that it stores away easily, compared to the bulky 10" tablets. You can hardly tell the difference between a desktop browsing experience and the Playbook. All the streaming videos, games and social networking that I've come to see in a desktop is packed in this ultra portable tablet. Support for Adobe Flash 10.2 and HTML5 means you get all what the internet has to offer. I haven't seen this actually in any other tablet yet. Tablets will either have HTML5 or the Adobe Flash Player; not both. The flash performance is probably the best I've seen on a tablet. It can run a solid handful of apps simultaneously without freezing, slowing performance or going "catatonic". In other words, you get true multitasking and incredible reliability you can count on. The build quality seems to be very high, and the video hardware is great, as evidenced by the resolution of the sample video clip that is provided in it. It has a stunning multimedia with rich stereo sound and a crystal clear, high resolution display optimized for HD content. I enjoy movies, music, home videos and even the web in high definition on my HDTV with a standard HDMI connection. The camera doesn't have flash, but it takes phenomenal pictures and videos in 1080p. It also has Face-to-face video chat. With the built-in video chat, you can call another BlackBerry PlayBook with a simple tap; view your caller on the high resolution 7" display, or output to an HDTV with HDMI to share the conversation with a group. You can even use other apps while you're on a call. Even though the Playbook has a limited BlackBerry App World, this is only temporary. Soon many of our favorite apps for BlackBerry smartphones and Android will soon be available for the Playbook. Even though they say the contrary, the Playbook has tons of capability once you unlock its full potential. The BlackBerry PlayBook offers uncompromised performance in an ultra portable design. I personally am very happy to have it and I would recommend this to anybody looking for a good ultra portable and reliable tablet. I am also very pleased and satisfied with this seller: Virginia's THIS AND THAT, through AMAZON. I recommend them 100%
tablet_blackberry|So I got the Blackberry Playbook to play around since the price point was so low ($200) at Office Depot. Overall, I think it is probably a better investment than the Kindle Fire, but it definitely needs to be improved.Most notable,1. it crashed when playing the racing game that came with it.2. There is no way to create separate video folders to categorize your videos. However, that is an option with pictures. Why not videos?3. There is no SD slot though I think the 16gb should be enough.4. It wouldn't play the 30mg :30 .mov file smoothly. I had to change it to an .mp4 instead. I need these videos to show off my portfolio.5. It is not Hulu compatible which kind limits some of its entertainment value.It might be better if it was running the droid OS as I think their RIM should be tossed. Why would anyone develop Apps for another entrant in the game when they can reach way more of the market with Apple and Droid? I don't think this will become a huge app marketplace.
tablet_blackberry|I got my new Blackberry Play Book...I love it! It is amazingly fast, very responsive, excellent HD screen resolution, the front and back camera is amazing, the size is perfect...not too big and not too small. I got mine for $199 at BB. I highly recommend this tablet to everyone. A word of advise, be gentle with the on/off button as it is very delicate, just push down gently and you shouldn't have any problem. Honestly, I like my Blackberry Play Book better than my iPad.
tablet_blackberry|The Blackberry Playbook is absolutely fantastic! When I got mine in the Black Friday sale I thought there was no way it was as good as an iPad. I was just comparing to the Kindle Fire. In comparison to the Fire, there is no contest. The Playbook has twice the RAM, Bluetooth, GPS, HDMI out, twice as much storage, a better app market, and two high quality cameras. After using the PB for a few days I realized it was even better than the iPad 2. It has far better cameras (5 and 3 mp vs. 1 and 0.3,) free GPS, twice the RAM, better DPI, and better multitasking. The OS on the Playbook is superb, even compared to iOS. The web browsing is far better, with tabs, flash support, and Java. Overall, the Playbook is only hurt by a mediocre app market. For 200 or even 300 dollars, the Playbook is an amazing deal.
tablet_blackberry|This thing rocks. Doesn't miss a heart beat. Very portable. Don't want anything bigger. Very very responsive. Sure needs more apps but knew that before I bought it and knew it was only 7". I like it. Got it at shopblackberry.com fast shipping. At 199.00 what a deal and it has 2 cameras, HDMI, GPS and apps down the road. Don't care for angry birds.
tablet_blackberry|I am excited to see a bright future for this nice product. If you do not have big hands and do not complaint on a few short comings, while RIM is working on the OS upgrade, as many others did here, I think this is the product for you.Many people have already mentioned of nice things and bad things on playbook, so it is up to you to decide behind which product you want to go. Coming to myself, I love superfast browing without wake up time of a laptop, nice portability to use on my bed or on couch, REAL multi tasking capability, ease of moving files between systems, gaming apps that fits nice for the screen size, High definition Video recording, 5x pictures (video and pictures needs good lighting) and all in all sturdiness of the product including nice grip it has when in hands(when I put it sleep, I toss it like a heavy cardboard on my bed). Best of it is high definition videos with nice sound quality can be ennjoyed in your hands nice and portable without discomfort of weight (comparing other touch devices) or heat(laptops). (I hardly notice any heat from this device - so cool to finally see this). I connect playbook to TV and the image mirror is instant. I used it like any other media streaming devices, remote replaced with playbook here. I am counting on Playbook to enjoy lot more ways in future.
tablet_blackberry|Blackberry Playbook 7-Inch Tablet (16GB)Love it, hands down the best computer or tablet experience in 25 years. Does what it was built to do, work like a $500 dollar product. Great pictures ,1080p camcorder, HDMI, easy mp3 transfers, seems to unlock the handcuffs. I have saved a least $30 plus taxes and fees about $40/month, with the Blackberry bridge.
tablet_blackberry|I need say something, the Blackberry Playbook is the best tablet in the world&iquest;Why?Because it have multitasking,two cameras the front facing camera with 3 megapixels and the rear camera whit 5 MEGAPIXELS, and can record from 720p up 1080pAmaizing!!!The Playbook Have the best size of the tablet: 7with this incredible size you can put it in a purse, little backpack, or pocketMore reasons to love the playbook , are the spectacular graphics 1080p HD. You can conect your playbook to a HDTV. Also you can tethering your playbook with ANY Smartphone with internet capability and bluetooth. so you can have internet on your playbook, using your Smartphone like a modemWhen linked to your blackberry smartphone via bluetooth you get a mirror of the email, contacts, calendar, to do, BBM and memo pad found on your phone. You also get access to files on your blackberry (even the microSD), but cannot open video or audio files - just documents. There is something called the "bridge browser" which allows you to surf the internet through your phone's web browser and 3G connection. This is different from tethering because the carriers don't charge for it. The PlayBook also allows tethering which gives you full data access (although not to app world for some reason). Some carriers charge for tethering, some don't. Apparently AT&T doesn't even allow their customers to use the Bridge - which is a HUGE drawback if you happen to have AT&T.Some have mentioned problems with battery charging - I haven't had that. My battery charges pretty quickly and goes to 100%. I can use it for nearly 15 hours before I get a low battery warning with about 10% left. Some have complained about the power button being hard to push. Mine is small and recessed, but I can easily push it.The screen is absolutely beautiful.
tablet_blackberry|Going right to the point: I picked up a 16GB playbook for $150 when it was on sale (great christmas gift for my aunt), and within 15 minutes, I figured out why it wasn't selling well at a price point of $500. I would not have paid for it, if it was at that price range. So, is it worth maybe $150-200? I would say YES.The big picture:The Playbook is very well built, feels solid and comfortable in my hands. I was surprised to find out it has a 1GB RAM. Applications are pretty fast, and I ran flash without any problems. If you are looking up Playbook on amazon, I assume you might have done your research online. If not, you can get a pretty good review at Engadget ([..]) so I am not going to go into the technical detail. One thing I do have to point out, I HATE the power button. It is so small that I can't even apply enough force on it to shut the thing down. I have a feeling that the engineers didn't bother to test it out because in their head they must be thinking:why would people want to shut it down when you have a great device in hand.@ $200 or a bit more price point:What I am going to talk about is how I envision this tablet can fit into my life at a price point of ~$200, since most of the reviewer look at it as something that worth $400. Let's get started. This is not an iPad or iPad2 replacement, not even close, I have one, so I did the comparison. If you are thinking about getting it to do the following, I would suggest you to look elsewhere: reply email, watching movie with 2+ people, want access to tons free/pay apps, and even use it as a Kindle (no Kindle app for Blackberry). You might say, that is 80% of what I wanted to do. Well, that's why i said it can't be an iPad replacement. What this little device can do is, it is a great web browsing device. Flash video plays smoothly on the device, and pages load pretty quickly. It is comfortable in my hand. I actually prefer holding this over holding my iPad2. If you just want a web browsing device at a good price, this is it.The Good News:RIM, the maker of Playbook, has announced 2.0 version of the operating system is going to be released in Feb, 2012. This update will let you do maybe the other 80% of the stuffs you want to do. But for now, it is a very well built, web browsing device, if you can find it at a good price range. But I would not pay anything more than $300 for it.
tablet_blackberry|I love my new Blackberry Playbook. I wanted something about the size of my Kindle and the Playbook is the same size which is just a perfect size. Anything bigger is too big. The only thing I don't like is that I can't retrieve my email unless I have a Blackberry Phone which I don't have. It's not a real problem for me because I'm home all the time and I just get on my computer to retrieve my emails, but if I go somewhere, it would be nice to be able to get my emails while I'm away. It would also be nice if I could sort my bookmarks into an order so I don't have to scroll way down to get to the ones I look at everyday. Maybe there is a way to do this, but I haven't figured it out yet. Every time you add a bookmark it is on top, not the bottom of the bookmark list. Other than these two cons, I am very happy with my Playbook. I also wanted to mention that I had to contact Blackberry Support when I first received my Playbook and they were great!
tablet_blackberry|Very good device. Works great in combination with BB Smartphone. Large screen makes Email reading much more enjoyable. Very solid quality. BB-bridge and tethering work very well.Only minor points of criticism:--On/Off button too small and no feedback (click)when pressed. Since it hardly ever needs to be used it's alright--One has to know that the device has be turned on to recharge it. This initially caused me some trouble. Now it's OK.--Blackberry Bridge Application failed once and needed to be reinstalled. Thereafter no problem.
tablet_blackberry|I did a lot of research on tablets prior to purchasing the Blackberry Playbook and the Playbook had the most intuitive interface, the best camera, the best video, the best sound (speakers are on the front instead of the back), excellent integration of Flash, and the 7" size makes it easy to thumb type. I reviewed other tablets as well before making my decision. The Samsung Tab 10.1 has the Google Android OS, which is kind of bare bones. It has a lower quality camera and the speakers are on the back, so the sound isn't directly towards you and sounds muffled. The Android OS defaults to mobile sites and I tried to play flash videos on the web and kept getting errors that would close the browser. The iPad 2 had many good features, but the camera was low quality, the speakers were on the back as well, and it did not support Flash. Also, the user interface is kind of plain. The only drawback to the Playbook tablet is a lack of apps, but it is a new OS compared to Android and Apple, so they will come with time. It will soon, however, have the ability to play Android apps and it is like a computer in that you can do anything you want on the web. The bridge is also exceptional, if you are a Blackberry owner. You can chat with friends through Blackberry Messenger, send e-mails, pull files from your phone, jot down notes, enter tasks in a list, look at contacts, and look at or update your calendar.I wanted a tablet for reading, web surfing, e-mail, Facebook, Twitter, messaging, calendar, taking pictures, making videos, and listening to music. I also wanted to multitask, so if I am looking at an e-mail and want to check my calendar, it is just one swipe away. If I am reading something on the web and my daughter does something cute--one swipe to the camera. This tablet does everything I need and more exceptionally well, and in my opinion better than the others on the market.UPDATEPlaybook actually has more apps than I realized. I am very delighted with it.
tablet_blackberry|As I expected through extensive research, this pad is amazing. The picture quality looks 3D on HD videos and is amazing. The speed of Pad is extremely fast and the internet is extremely fast. Everything is amazing and for those who complain about the lack of email is stupid because I can just go to the website for it. Since the internet is so fast there is nothing I can't view.It says online that Android Apps is coming for it, well WHENNN???!!! Without any app for Skype, Pandora, or any of the other things I need, its basically like a super web browser, video, music, and pdf player.I would really not recommend anyone to buy this until the Android Player is released, if it had Android app it would be 5+ stars, without it I would say its like 3 stars. Since they claim its coming out and its still early I will give it 4 stars. But it still is amazing as a mobile laptop that I can use whenever or whereverAnother amazing feature is the Internet Tethering where I can have internet wherever my phone has reception. That actually is extremely useful.
tablet_blackberry|Wanted to wait a month before writing a review.The Playbook has been exactly what I have been looking for in a tablet. The ability to bridge the device with my phone has been very useful when I visit my parents since Wifi is not available in the area.Should point out that I really do not play video games with the PlayBook so the lack of game aps doesn't bother me. For those it does matter, there seems to be games added everyday in the App world.The OS is really nice and stable, updates are being pushed out as they become available. Being able to download the updates directly through Wifi is nice since, only connected the device once to the Desktop Manager to grab my iTunes that were ported over. Really do not understand why the reviews have been so negative, 30 minutes and propel should see it's a nice smooth running tablet.Of course not everything has been smooth and easy with the device. The swiping motion to move through the Playbook has taken a little time to learn thus some of the features with the playback I was not aware of till a week ago. Really blame myself for that though as I did not read the documentation. Would like to have automated word suggestion, GoodReader app, and Citrix client to make this a 5 star review.While the device has been exactly what I've been looking for it is not for everyone. Might want to use a display model or use a friend to make sure you like the device before shelling out the money.
tablet_blackberry|There is not enough space to say how much I love the Blackberry Playbook,it's tough,long battery life,confortable to hold,full HD screen plus both camera's are full HD.One thing that shock me when I first got my playbook was it can multitask so well,I can live chat,play a game surf the internet with no slow down.Another cool thing about the Playbook it that you get a true internet surfing fun time and it's fast.Not sure about other tablets,but this one you can take a pic of anything you look at,if it's in a game on the internet or whatever then take that photo and use it as a background.So many features in such a small package.Apps,there is a ton added daily,can't find yours well just side load it without any need to jailbreak or any of that kinda thing.So cool,so awesome and well worth the price.
tablet_blackberry|When I received the playbook it did not work and had to be returned to the factory. It was returned to me and still did not work and had to be sent back again. I have just received it back so really can't comment on how I like it as I have not really had a chance to use it for long.
tablet_blackberry|I normally don't review items. But for this one I am. I purchased this for my daughter as she wanted an ipad mini. She wanted to get it with her birthday money. I told her she did not have enough. She got about $200.00 for her birthday. The only apple product we own is my daughter's iphone 16gb which I got her for Christmas. I checked her memory and she was down to about 600mb left. She deleted a bunch of apps now she has 3.4gb left. A 16gb ipad mini is about $400.00 so I did some research on 7 inch tablets and came upon this blackberry playbook. I checked reviews all over the Internet especially you tube. Try searching blackberry playbook vs I pad mini. Well besides an amazing hd display and far superior microphone and speakers and great reviews I went with this 64 gb playbook. My brother bought his son a 64 gb ipad mini for Christmas and paid $600.00 plus tax from best buy. What a sucker!! I paid $219.00 for this 64 gb playbook along with a screen protector and a leather case totaling $244.00 with free shipping with prime and received it the next day instead of 2 days. As far as apps and games there are plenty. Really how many apps do you really use anyway. My daughter is very happy with this tablet and so am I. I am writing this review on the blackberry tablet buy one you won't regret it. As far as apple products I think they are over rated and overpriced. If you want to pay 600 bucks for a 64gb ipad mini go ahead. As far as the playbook I think for the price it is a far superior tablet than the mini. Can the mini multitask? Not. I have had as many as 10 apps open at once and this tablet never lagged one bit. Trust me I am the type of person that does a lot of research before a purchase. Trust me you will not be disappointed. Buy one now!!
tablet_blackberry|The BlackBerry Playbook is an incredible piece of hardware. It may not be Retina display but there is a preloaded HiDef video that looks stunning and everyone I have shown it off to thinks the same. It also has stereo speakers that certain other &#34;i&#34; products do not have. It also has the HDMI out. I believe hardware wise it is up to par with any Android tablet and clearly surpasses the iPad. The operating system is elegant and the multitasking is great. The latest iOS requires you to double-click to bring up tasks, then keep your finger until the icons wiggle and press the - red sign to close background apps. On the BlackBerry just swipe to reveal all apps and click the X. And you have the choice of not leaving them running on the background, you can just close them and they will stay closed. I believe the Playbook is superior in almost (more on that in a bit) every way to the iPad and comparable more to the Android competition.Now, having said that, the Playbook is not for everyone (at least hopefully until BB10 gets to the Playbook). I see it more as a work tool. It allows for Bluetooth communication with a Blackberry so that you don't really need a data plan SIM on it, just use your current data plan on your Blackberry phone. Although it requires you to have a tethering plan on your phone to allow full use of the data plan, it does allow you to browse through the Bluetooth connection with the Blackberry Bridge Browser. And if you already have your email accounts on your BIS or BES Blackberry, you can read, reply, forward, etc., any email through the Playbook. So you can relegate your Blackberry to your pocket and use the Playbook for everything you would normally use your Blackberry for. It also has Print to Go which basically allows you to print anything through the WiFi to your Playbook. So you want to avoid carrying your plane itinerary on paper, print it to your Playbook. It also has Documents to Go built in so you can view, edit and create Word and Excel compatible documents. You can also use it as a network storage location so you can have a Word checklist on your Playbook and have someone else or yourself access it through the WiFi network.Now, the downside. Playbook apps range from bad to few. There are only a couple games worth playing, unless you are willing to pay for them, and even so the selection is not great. This is the one point the iPad and Android tablets beat the Playbook and why it has not sold. The good side is you can find it very cheap online.I use it every day and I can certainly say it is a rugged, capable product. I do wish it had a better app selection, but it does everything I need it to do. And it is cheap. I have the 64GB model for less than what you would get a comparable Android tablet with far less memory, and of course way cheaper than an iPad. The 7 inch form factor is also very comfortable and easy to type in with both hands and I find myself thumbing like in my Blackberry with ease. I am tall and with big hands but doing that feat on a 10 inch iPad would not be possible. A more comparable unit might be the iPad mini but the Playbook still feels more rugged and overall a higher quality product.So if you are looking for a cheap, capable tablet and use a Blackberry phone, the Playbook is a no-brainer. If you want to download free apps and want a huge selection of apps where everything you can think of already has more than 10 apps to choose from or want an expensive toy for the kids, then go for something else. I think RIM (now Blackberry) did not market this well and should have gone after corporate for this product. Now with BB10 we will see if the tablet can actually do both things. It certainly has the horsepower so here's hoping the tablet picks up, since I do think it is a good product.Just one more thing, mine said New but apparentely was refurbished. Have not experienced any problems with it though. Just the power button seems more recessed than it should be.
tablet_blackberry|Great product! Runs quickly, apps work well, clear picture, etc.Only complaint is that some pages don't work well in the browser, and the YouTube videos that come up in the YouTube app are different than what actually comes up on YouTube. This doesn't really reflect the playbook as much as the YouTube app, though.
tablet_blackberry|Blackberry Playbook is a very good tablet, the battery life is pretty good, the tablet is fast, it just doesn't have a good quantity of apps on the blackberry appstore.
tablet_blackberry|Love it love it love it!!!!!!!Tons of memory, tons of useful apps, connects with blackberry phone! Very useful tool for business, school, and entertainment! 5 star tablet!!!
tablet_blackberry|Got mine for $199 Canadian which is the main reason I bought it. The closest android tab was the acer icinia for about $80 more. Was a hard call and even after I bought the playbook I was still thinking hard about my decision. I'm pretty happy I bought the playbook as I am now constantly using it. My HTC android phone and laptop are now little used once I get home.Likes:Great speakersEasy to carry around and holdMultitasking is really goodCamera is really great and much faster than on my phonePerfect for web surfing. Flash works very wellCan use it all day on 1 battery chargeSurprisingly good operating systemLots of case and stand options. I bought the casemate stand for mineDislikes:Apple store is really really weak. Since I have an android phone I can use any app there so not a huge deal. My playbook is for Web browsing anywaysSome websites don't display properly on the stock browser - tripadvisor is one exampleText is not quite as sharp as I'd like. Videos look great thoughLoading android apps is difficult and I still haven't figured it out after trying for several hoursBottom line: best bang for your buck of any current tablet. It's a can't loose buy at around $200. I wonder if blackberry will try to slowly increase price as they are loosing money on tjis. But it while it's still a super deal!!
tablet_blackberry|At first, I was very skeptical of purchasing this tablet, but I decided to try it for such a cheap price. The playbook is a great purchase and I think I may buy another one soon for my wife. We actually use this for our business and for the simple updates, email and manage project it's great!!
tablet_blackberry|I have iPad 1, iPad 2 and HP TouchPad and I'm still using them from time to time.There is no doubt in my mind; the BlackBerry Playbook is far superior to all of the above regardless of the price factor.The size, HD screen & connection to any HDTV, Best sound quality without headphones, unbelievable multitasking, unequivocal internet surfing experience and a tons of applications (needed or not!).If you have a Blackberry phone like I do, you will be able to surf the net, check your e-mail anywhere with no need to a Wi-Fi hot spot through the BBB (BlackBerry Bridge) and without paying for extra data plan.
tablet_blackberry|For along time i was searching for a new tablet.. I saw many different devices and the playbook was the best choice.. Now i'm writing this review from my pb and it's amazing.. Realy fast, fancy and solid i bought one for my girlfriend and she really loves it.. Its true that the app world does not have many apps like android and apple but for my it doesn't matter... Love my new toy and is perfect for my needs :D
tablet_blackberry|Well as far as a tablet goes, people will always tell you "go with an ipad" but the ipad doesnt compare to this machine. The playbook's video quality is astounding, volume is great, and the price is amazing!!!!
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|The tablet itself is nice, but there aren't really any apps on the app store for it, (Besides a few good ones, but most are absolute crap). It is the apps that make the tablet functional. RIM needs to do something because their app store is embarrassing. Until the app store is improved, there is no way i would ever recommend this tablet; unless you just want to e-mail and browse the internet :-) A solid tablet with potential, but potential doesn't get you anywhere if it isn't utilized.
tablet_blackberry|I like the size and the quick charge. I recommended to anyone who is looking for something practical and this plabook have great capabilities
tablet_blackberry|I had a Nexus 7 until it froze up due to a software glitch. I returned it and bought the Backberry Playbook. The Blackberry is a bit heavier and brick like compared to the Nexus, but I liked the user interface better, extra memory and low price. Unfortunately, the Playbook is not supported by the Wall Street Journal, so I could not get my paper downloaded automatically every day the way I did with the Nexus 7. Since this is my primary reason for having a small tablet, I returned the Blackberry and bought another Nexus 7. Too bad because the Blackberry is a nice device. If you want a very portable web browser, I would recommend this one very highly.
tablet_blackberry|Amazon is advertising an inflated price for a 16-gigabyte Blackberry Playbook. Staples sells the same item for $299.00 both in stores and on its website.
tablet_blackberry|Pros: Nice size, bright screen, excellent browser, blackberry bridge.Cons: Lack of apps, touch screen too sensitive, so-so battery life.Seems that RIM really wasn't ready to launch the Playbook but for competitive reasons did so. Lack of apps for Playbook is apparent. Main reason for my buying the playbook was the initial low price offered by one of Amazon's 3rd party sellers. ($435.00 w/free shipping). And yes...I have a Blackberry phone. I liked the fact that the Playbook can access the web from anywhere using wi-fi or tethering to my blackberry phone via bluetooth with no additional fees from my phone company (T-Mobile). Very convenient for travel. I'm counting on RIM providing more apps in the near future. Otherwise, the tablet responds quickly and the browser is excellent. The screen is crystal clear and vibrant. Great for viewing photos. Listening to music is good enough for my tastes and the camera takes great pictures and videos. I also like the fact that I can access my Kindle library. There isn't a Playbook app yet...but I got it to work on the playbook browser. (Cmon Amazon...Why is it taking so long?) Reading books is enjoyable because of the tablet's size. The Playbook does offer Kobo for purchasing ebooks but I really prefer my Kindle library since I already have it. All and all an excellent tablet but I deducted 1 star because of the lack of apps.
tablet_blackberry|i have my PlayBook for a week and I love it. It does all the basic things I need: email, Internet, music, calendar, weather. The bridge connection with my Blackberry Torch works seamlessly. it has a compact size and very sturdy design. The UI is sleek and fast. i only miss Skype and hope it will be available soon.
tablet_blackberry|I got my PlayBook the day before it was released and i couldn't be happier. I am a bartender and i used to bring my laptop to work with me each day. Now that I have my playbook i no longer need to. I have a full web browser, music player, HD video with hdmi out. Because of the nature of the bb bridge i can hand it over to guests for directions or just to play with it because it is so cool and not fear them being able to read any personal information, i just simply disconnect the bluetooth.(same goes for gf, haha)the size is perfect for everything. not too big to carry in my hand, fits in my coat pocket, and my kindle fits in the neoprene sleeve perfectly.the best part is how much better it has gotten in a few short months. there have been 5? ota os updates, a major fb app update, bbm support and all kinds of other goodies added regularly. The android app support is on schedule for this month too.damn near a laptop replacement for light use.
tablet_blackberry|Hold in one hand? Check.Flash video? Check.Nice durable feel? Check (thanks to RIM's special hard rubber as the back).Ability to play a variety of video and song formats? Check.Easy high quality output to HDTV via single -- cheap -- cable? Check.Variety of nice case options to keep it nice? Check (e.g., [...]).The only drawbacksVideo navigation (if you have a bunch you can't sort by series, season etc.)BB Desktop Software (which obv. isn't actually part of the Playbook) leaves something to be desired.
tablet_blackberry|I have had the Playbook for a month now and really love it. it's size makes it more portable than a ipad but I do like the ipad too. It works ggreat with my Blackberry phone. Blackberry bridge is awesome.prosGreat screen. Clear, bright, high resolution.Fast dual core chip with 1 gig of ram to work withWorks with blackberry phone for email and can tether for internet when no wi-fi is near.Portable, easyto carry around but larger than a smart phone.The QNX OS has a greatinterface. Very smooth.Cons$499 seems a little to expensive for this model. $399 probably would have sold more of these.Apps. the apps are'nt in for this new QNX OS yet.
tablet_blackberry|Two months old and it will no longer take a recharge. This tablet is useless now. Great product right there. STAY AWAY!
tablet_blackberry|If you love your BlackBerry, you will love the PlayBook! I got the 64MB model and I LOOOOOOOOOOVE LOVE LOVE it! I'm not a fan of touch screen keyboards (and even with the touch keys bigger, I still hit the wrong keys) but I don't use it for typing emails or texts, I use it for checking emails and surfing the internet. I do minimal typing on it. I've paid a bill or two on it and all I can say is enlarging the screen really helps! Further, if you have a BlackBerry, you can use it as a remote control for the PlayBook so you can type on the PlayBook using the keys on your BlackBerry! It is fast too. You can't do everything you would on a netbook or laptop but it isn't meant to. For example, it really came in handy when I was on my last trip whereas when I have taken my netbook or laptop, while they were great for uploading pictures to, they were AWFUL accessing the internet! Not enough RAM or something but you know, when you're just sitting around at the airport waiting for your connecting flight or waiting for your car to be finished at the dealership, it passes the time quickly and you're not ready to pull your hair out bec the unit is so slllooow... The PlayBook is fast. The only thing is you do need a wireless connection, it's not a Smartphone and they operate on different technology. I have the T-Mobile wireless modem (the Hotspot, it's the equivalent to Verizon's Jetpack which I couldn't get bec I would have lost my unlimited data package adding the Jetpack as a second "phone" line, bec Verizon no longer offers unlimited data packages. T-Mobile's gain! It will work at a Starbuck's or Barnes and Noble, or anywhere that offers free Wi-Fi. The other thing is the initial set up. You might have problems even if you have a wireless router at home which I do. I wasn't able to complete my initial set up of the PlayBook at home- I was stuck at selecting a country (U.S.) yet there was nothing in the drop down menu to select! I had to go sit at a Barnes and Noble to do it. But... we all know nothing is perfect and we all know that, despite BlackBerry's quirky issues, us CrackBerry addicts are what we are, and I don't feel like I'm missing anything not having an iPAD! I hope BlackBerry keeps it up!
tablet_blackberry|This will be my only review on this sight or any other!!!!!One would be foolish to purchase any other tablet!!!! Some may like Android,others Apple..... For that is a matter of taste..... My personal opinion does not matter!!!!! I hope this petty review shines light on what really matters..... A product that just works..... (Enjoy)
tablet_blackberry|Being a faithful blackberry user before someone decided the coin "smartphone" can give you kind of an idea that i've been waiting for the PlayBook. I've never given up on RIM because in reality its more likely the competing companies that aren't "ready". Nobody dares to give this company ANY credit for any breakthroughs they've made within the hardware division. Sure, they didn't invent texting but they sure came up with an idea to make it a whole lot easier. Being able to write notes, keep a schedule and a calender with you at all times. Apple has achieved at basically taking over your entire life, creating hardware/ software compatibility issues so great that i refused to buy into the sham beyond the iPod Touch 1g. I would rather have a Zune which everyone knows is no longer alive. the iPhone and iPad quietly but surely followed the iPods footsteps. Now starting with the iPad, it's a rather nice device but we the consumer took a heavily under-devolped piece of equipment and somehow turned it into the holy grail. If it wasnt for Apples grand marketing scheme, which might i add RIM refrained from for years and was still a VERY successful company, alot of people would still have no idea what apple would actually have to offer today. I know more people that have cut their ties with iOS and Android, either to find a new found love for Blackberry or even downgrade to a non-smartphone device altogether! Now that's how you do it!! Are these companies truly that horrible? Let's see, iOS unique UI, horrible compatibilty issues. Android?, terrible UI totally dependent on the hardware. Phone, Tablet or Media Player, SAME ISSUE!Now to be fair i don't hate Apple or Google, but i can honestly say i do not like any of their mobile products. //REVIEW HERE>> (OS2.0)With that being said the playbook is amazing companion to any owner of a blackberry device thats capable of BB-Bridge or anybody looking for a solid tablet that isn't worried about being "connected" 24/7. Since i was never a HUGE fan of mobile gaming, the lack of solid games on my bb phone was never an issue, an issue that is no longer being ignored within the world of PlayBook. There are more console quality games available for the playbook than you probably have time to play. Online multiplayer a HUGE bonus for most Gameloft titles, more on that later. The device itself is a solid piece of hardware, very sturdy and feels good and secure when youre holding it. Someone said the buttons were an issue but i can fully agree with that. The button scheme is no different than a iOS/ Android tablet, plus they even added dedicated media buttons, PLUS! The screen is nice and crisp, very detailed. when it comes to media, its no different than any other device with a screen, it all depends on the source. i wouldnt recommend anything under 720p, you get the same effect as if you were watching a analog signal on a HDtv. pro compressed 720p files look just as good as FullHD, you can search the web on how to achieve that. And in response to the complaints made against the screen, i feel they are useless. If you want superior clarity, maybe you should look into 30in. or 50in. tablets(the PlayBook has a miniHDMI port to connect to flat panel monitor or tv). The touchscreen is super responsive and most will not encounter problems just using their fingers, but i have found it more productive to also have a stylus handy and use both. the homescreen works well in portrait and landscapes, let me say that while using some apps it might be a good idea to "lock" orientation due to the sensitivity. As most reviews have stated the browser is awesome, being able to run flash as you would on a desktop/laptop, ex. YouTube videos play directly inside the browser with the option of expanding to full screen view. Adobe Reader and Docs To Go are built in and work flawlessly. PressReader works like a charm. The Music Store is powered by 7digital and it rivals any music service out there. the facebook and twitter apps are okay for the lightest of users, but thats okay with me. Most of us use 3rd party apps anyway. Now on to the Android app player, its perfect for expanding the playbook into new territory. The apps that have been ported and accepted work well, 50% of sideloaded apps work but it can be quite a task to set up for most basic users .The games flow really well from Modern Combat 2 & Asphalt 6 show quality that are on par with Playstation 2 and Xbox. the ability to change the control schemes are a major plus in my book. Alot of voice overs breaks away the average mobile phone gaming, it puts you in the game. Would like blackberry develop a 1st party bluetooth controller or at least license one. The sound is one of the main strong points on the playbook, hoping that the source is properly mastered and not over compressed. For mp3s i would stay around 160kbps VBR for the best quality:storage ratio. The PlayBook has stereo speakers, and while listening to quality mastered files the PlayBook speakers create sort of a sweetspot. It has some low/mid freq definition but nothing below kick drum range, but what more can you expect? It might not be a bose sound system but its far from tinny sounding, it has life. The OFFICIAL accessories are a complete line up, rapid chargers, rapid charging dock, bluetooth stereo gateway, a mini keyboard. Add that to a bunch of other licensed 3rd party accessories and you have quite a few to pick and choose from. No sd slot, no prob when you have a 32gb or 64gb model. I have almost 10gb of apps alone so a 16gb model would of been a bad choice for me. But not a bad choice for someone who wants a superior web browser/media player/ ereader(the 16gb model is the same price as the kindle fire might i add) OVERALL the Playbook is showing strong signs of promise for people who would of never thought RIM would budge on security issues. If youve been wondering about buying a playBook and havent done so by now, do it. The price alone should be a selling point.
tablet_blackberry|Wonderful professional tablet. Os excellent, design great, experience very good. The one pb is the inability to use the blackberry world with the blackberry bridge and several other applications with the bridge connection. Congratulations to RIM.
tablet_blackberry|This product feels nice, it flows quickly in and out of programs (while keeping them running), and i like the fact that I don't need a separate data plan to tether it to my BlackBerry phone, so I can use it to on the go versus a laptop and a separate data plan.
tablet_blackberry|It won't do what I want it to do. But I like to play with it. Download my music, ruzzle, I haven't figured it out yet.
tablet_blackberry|During unboxing when i tried to turn it on it would not power on, so i plugged it in thinking maybe the battery was dead. Nope still would not power on, and no lights lighting up to inform the user that it was charging. Juat a paperweight. Very unhappy customer. I had to put one star because there was nothing lower.
tablet_blackberry|It does everything it is supposed to do and I like the battery life. I am very satisfied with my purchase.
tablet_blackberry|Some of the Major Pros:1) Bridging to my Blackberry Torch2) Can view and work-on Spreadsheets, Power Point Presentation and Adobe files3) Browser Speed4) Video and Sound Quality - fantastic5) Streaming Speed - fastThe only things I count as Cons are:1) Can't view my Netflix account2) Not as many useful Free Apps as I would like3) I thought it had GPS but haven't been able to figure it out?
tablet_blackberry|I bought a playbook when it first came out but had to sell it a few months later because of income issues. Now a few years later I'm making a little bit more and was able to afford one again and it has been great. The OS runs great, the hardware runs smoothly, and all the features work great. Can't reccomend this enough.
tablet_blackberry|At our house we have 4 kindle fires, 1 kindle fire HD and the playbook. The playbook was a great deal, and it is an amazing machine. At the low price, and with 64gb of memory, you can't beat it. I love the gestures and multi-tasking. It's fast. It does everything I need it to. I don't like that games and apps tend to be more expensive than on other tablets. And that all the new and latest games and apps tend to not be released right away (or at all) for the playbook. But overall I love it, take it with me everywhere, and when I use other tablets, or even my android phone, I find myself missing the swiping gesture features of the playbook.
tablet_blackberry|FUNCIONAN BIEN Y SON BASTANTE VERSATIL, SON COMODAS PARA CARGARLAS EN LA CARTERA Y TIENE BUENA SE&Ntilde;AL. ESTOY SATISFECHA CON LA PUNTUALIDAD DE LA ENTREGA
tablet_blackberry|This service is great, but this product have not functions, I ned a tablets with opctions to micro memory, virtual shop with ppopular products free and this is limited in social redes..among other things
tablet_blackberry|Buyer beware it doesn't have alot of apps.and the ones they do have you have to buy them. Not worth the money!!!
tablet_blackberry|I am discovering many great uses for this tablet. It is a bit hefty, but is a good reminder that it is there. The graphics are so much better than anything else I've seen so far. Highly recommend this tablet. The only drawback is the inability to add android apps. The newer Blackberry tablets are supposed to have that capability, so am watching product developments. The other drawback to this family of tablets is the lack of a user's guide and other documentation.
tablet_blackberry|Works excellent. I can use my blackberry just like my home computer, I`m using/ it now. I would recommend this product to my friends.
tablet_blackberry|I am very satisfied with the purchase of this video card. the packaging was ideal. the team came completely sealed. Actually I recommend it 100% excellent seller
tablet_blackberry|great product just as described. great shipper and quick delivery fast processor great browser ..besides the few apps great product...apps is not what i wanted it for anyways
tablet_blackberry|I was not pleased with my playbook because I wasn't able to use any of my apps that I am comfortable with ( kindle, netflix...etc).I guess it works for some people but I'm not one of those people. It seemed to be an okay tablet but I ddn't keep it around long enough to find out..I sent it back an hour after I received it.
tablet_blackberry|I purchased this playbook on 30th May 2012 . I had absolutely no issues with it ....UNTIL it stopped charging a FEW MONTHS later. I spent US$284.53 for A NEW BLACKBERRY PLAYBOOK. Now I am wondering if I was sold a brand new tablet OR a refurbished one!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Since it was within the 1 year warranty, I contacted this company (OnSale - Amazon Marketing --the one I purchased it from) and they said "Upon review of your order, we found that your return period with OnSale has expired. We do apologize but you may return most items within 30 days of the date of shipment according to our returns policy. You can call the manufacturer for further assistance".I then proceeded to contact the manufacturer who said they were willing to fix the tablet but would only cover the shipping cost from the company to a US address and from the US address back to the company. Hence, I am on my own in regards to shipping it from the Caribbean to the company and then from the US address back to the Caribbean and also have to incur custom and duty charges to take it out from Customs. By the time I calculated everything it would be cheaper to get a new tablet.BUT I REFUSE TO PURCHASE A BLACKBERRY PLAYBOOK AGAIN ..... I plan to just upgrade to a Kindle Fire since I have had nothing but excellent customer service with the Kindle Keyboard 3G that I have.I FEEL CHEATED AND WISH I HAD NEVER PURCHASED ANYTHING FROM THIS SELLER.
tablet_blackberry|nice graphics. smooth video flow nice . wi fi was easy to hook up as well. came with pre installed programs to make it even better.
tablet_blackberry|Really like the playbook; however the micro USB port broke after only a week of use. Google this, it happens very, very, very often no matter how careful you are. The port is rediculously fragile. Shame on Blackberry for not making it more durable, remains to be seen if they will survive their lack of reading the market (not just tablets, smart phones also). Kudos to Amazon for taking it back and refunding my money. I liked it enough to buy a replacement, however, if you get the playbook, get a magnetic charger which works great and isn't fragile at all. Save the micro USB for connecting to your computer.
tablet_blackberry|El producto llego en perfectas condiciones, excelente equipo, muy rapido, la entrega de el mismo fue rapido, no tuvimos ningun problema en la compra del producto
tablet_blackberry|Great size & the battery life is good which was somehting I was looking for. I would recommend this tablet to anyone, especially for the price.
tablet_blackberry|Nice compact size, Easy to use, light weight.Wish that it came with the instruction manuel instead of having to go to internet to get information and do it while reading the manuel.
tablet_blackberry|This device is awesome. I play games on it and what not. It takes great pictures. And when school starts up again I can use it to take notes. I would recommend this item to anyone.
tablet_blackberry|This Blackberry PlayBook is sooo much fun. The more I use it the better I like it. I looked at tablets for at least two months before deciding that this was the way to go. I wanted an e-reader but also something that I could easily carry with me that was capable of reading and writing e-mail, as well as surfing the web. This is all that and much more! This is a well designed, quality, full featured, miniature computer! It, and the Blackberry cover 'Research in Motion Leather Convertible Case for BlackBerry Playbook (ACC-40279-301)' that I keep it in fits nicely into the patch pockets of my cloth bomber style jacket. Unlike complaints from some case reviews, this case can be kept attached to the PlayBook while charging and the on/off and volume buttons can also be used while the PlayBook is kept snugly stored inside the rubber-like gasket frame of the case.The first thing it did when I powered it up was prompt me to download the all new OS 2.1The sound is better than on most laptops that I've used in the last 8 years.The battery appears to hold up extremely well for what I'm doing with it so far. I believe they say it'll last about 8 hours under average use.. I see no reason to doubt that. It will charge for me either with the ac adaptor or with the USB connection on the Sleep `n Charge USB port of my laptop.I've only taken one picture with it in the few days that I've owned it but it came out great and I'm sure it, and the video cam, will operate as advertised. (very easily, great quality..)At first I thought I would be basically stuck with the dozen or so sites that came pre-loaded on the Browser. Every time that I tried to enter an e-address into the search bar it told me I couldn't go there. Then I attached the USB cord from the PlayBook to my laptop, while searching from the PlayBook, and tried it again.. and now I can go anywhere and save the site, such as weather radar, in the PlayBook! OR, as I found out later, I can just go to the search bar in the Browser and download sites directly to the PlayBook (as long as I don't forget to turn the wi-fi on).The digital keyboard is much easier to use than I thought it would be, with very few typing errors. When typing e-mails the machine guesses half a dozen words that may be coming up next and displays them on a toolbar above the message. Choose a word and it includes the space following. Sometimes it guesses correctly which word you want, even before you begin to type it. Start a sentence and it automatically capitalizes the first letter. Forget about using apostrophes.. it adds them automatically where applicable!I was a little awed and slightly disappointed with this PlayBook, the first day or so. I am, and probably always will be a little awed by this machine and how much it can do packed into such a small space.. but the disappointment went away very fast as I quickly became accustomed to using it and how well it all worked!I look forward to getting a great deal of enjoyment from this Blackberry PlayBook for years to come and would give it an absolutely unqualified recommendation, to friends and loved ones!
tablet_blackberry|I had my blackberry playbook now for two months and I must say I have no problems with my playbook I love it the camera is perfect my son is 10 years old now he want one for his graduation I I don't have a problem with that it's excellent product I just wish I had the 32g lol...
tablet_blackberry|Amazing tablet to take everywhere. Easy to handle and always ready to use. The screen is absolutely beautiful. Great connection with my blackberry smartphone.
tablet_blackberry|I really love playing with this and I think the features are great. My only thing is that I hope the app world keeps growing. And some more apps that don't need wifi. especially GPS apps.
tablet_blackberry|PLEASANTLY SURPRISED! I chose the BB Netbook because I couldn't afford an ipad, so had expected to be somewhat disappointed. Turns out I'm pleasantly surprised and quite pleased. I will also say that I am not a person who needs a lot of apps. I spend most of my work hours on desktop or laptop, so my netbook needs are simple --allow non-cumbersome "connection" to business and pleasure interim needs when out and about. The BB Netbook performs all that I need quickly and efficiently. I have since used an ipad and am glad I didn't waste dollars to get something I don't really need. The BB Netbook also seems very well built.
tablet_blackberry|I love the Playbook this was probably my best purchase ever and it was only 199 onsale even shipped it to me 3 days early they were gr8.
tablet_blackberry|The playbook has worked well for business trips to Europe and US instead of a packing a laptop -- it simplifies reading long html mail, web surfing, and reviewing ppts and word docs. Another great feature is using the free bridge software and my company blackberry phone to gain access to intranet secure web pages that weren't feasible on a phone. For some the ability to output to a HD tv for showing presentations may be of value but I have only watched videos I shot on a tv using the micro HDMI port. I have tested the use of my bridged phone as a remote control for a ppt slideshow and cursor control and it works nicely.For home use the playbook has been the main diversion on many play dates where filming movies and watching them is a popular game. The small form factor makes it easy for even a six year old to run around and capture action shots like a pro (it's survived being dropped a few times). On vacations it fits in the same camera bag along with my 35mm SLR so it's very easy to bring along. Of course the good games like Angry Birds and Need for Speed come in handy too.-sent from my playbookPS - I'm a Ph.D. Computer Science not an MD
tablet_blackberry|Bought this last year. I am happy to say it was a great choice. There are quite a few good apps in Blackberry play book OS. Received the OS 2 update this year. Have been loving it ever since. Android player was a great addition, because some apps are of high quality. Overall, very good product with a polished, sophisticated and yet intuitive UI, looking forward for the BB10 update. Blackberry has been consistent in rolling out good update.
tablet_blackberry|I have an iPad 2 and when this blackberry tab went on sale. I got one as well. I was surprised with the playbook. It has a nice UI and very great on multi tasking . Not bad for this price. The app world in blackberry needs more apps though but I think it's growing . But then again if you can open websites in desktop version who needs app. I got this for my daughter coz it opens up her flash enabled websites games.overall I'm satisfied with the blackberry tab. For the price you can't beat it.
tablet_blackberry|I don't know why it's this cheap ($199+tax), probably because the 4G version might be coming out soon or something. But it fits what I'm looking for perfectly so I'm glad either way. I bought this Playbook for my dad to get him away from my desktop. I chose the Playbook because it was one of the cheaper tablet options and all I needed was a good browser run on wi-fi for my dad who only checks his email and reads the news (but does so all waking hours on my computer).Packaging is minimal, which I like, being the tree-hugger that I am. There's a USB cord, a power cord, some warranty/product booklets. It comes with a small pouch and a wiping cloth to keep the device free from dust, which is a pleasant bonus I didn't expect; these things never came with accessories before. I only tested it out a bit since I've just picked it up today from Best Buy. So far the browser has been great. It loads fast, and is pretty intuitive. The one thing I don't like is the inability to rename my browser bookmarks even though I'm running on the new OS 2. Why not, RIM? That's the most basic thing. I don't see why they would include the option for bookmarks on the home screen but not within the browser.Other than that, I hope this thing lasts so my dad will let me get my computer back.
tablet_blackberry|I tried a few other tablets. This PlayBook is absolutely perfect except for one little thing. I wish there were more free apps. It does come with 2 free HD games and the graphics and clarity is excellent. Works very fast! Great keyboard as well. It has a learning curb like all electronics but once you get the hang of it, you're well on your way. Love it. I bought this one for my super smart 6 year old daughter. I'm going to buy myself one with the 32GB. Not heavy either. Not a single complaint yet aside from the apps. You should definitely download BOOK READER its only $0.99 Great eReader app.
tablet_blackberry|application selection has to improve. android compatability a major disappointment because hardly any good android apps have been ported over (netflix just said no playbook support for instance). otherwise apps run smoothly, multi-tasking is very efficient, blackberry bridge to use 3g data plan is a big plus since no Wi-Fi dependence, speakers are very good, screen display is amazing. size is neutral, sometimes you wish for bigger size like ipad other times its nice to have something more portable. big time potential if and only if, make app selection close to android and iOS. going to developer mode to get native android apps is a nice alternative, but it needs to be more convenient for the average user.
tablet_blackberry|Anyone buying a 7" is concerned about size, so this is the most powerful 7" in the market, a true multitasking experience. The playbook had a shaky start, but even with the OS1 i loved it, OS2 is just a few weeks away which will blow a whole lot of people away, i've been using the OS2 beta. A lot of things that put many basic users off are being addressed, but as a power user who doesn't mind rooting etc, there's nothing like the gesture controls on the playbook. This isn't about marketing gimmicks, but a seriously good tablet, don't believe the negative media reports, i seriously recommend this tablet!
tablet_blackberry|First of all, I bought this device about three weeks ago through Blackberry, not from Amazon, but I wanted to share my experience. I was able to get this for $249.00.First the pro-Playbook stuff:I was looking for something portable to replace or augment my laptop in a way that would allow me to be more productive, and I liked the idea that the Blackberry Playbook could bridge to my Blackberry smartphone. This is HUGE. When I am riding the subway, this allows me to update my calendar, task list and other stuff on the Playbook and automatically have it show up on my smartphone. At 32 GB, I haven't even begun to hit the limit, and I have several movies, a ton of books, and lots of pictures, plus a moderate amount of music on it (I set my Playbook to sync with my Top 25 most Played list of my IPod, and then added a few other specific artists). The size is great. It is a little big to fit in the pocket of a suit coat, but the size is perfect for the inside pocket of an overcoat, or a large external pocket of a coat. This puts it at about the right size for a small to medium woman's purse, I think. Basically it is the same size as the Kindle Fire. The screen is very responsive, the high def video is AMAZING, and the learning curve for tactile navigation is very short. It picks up Wi-Fi very quickly and easily, and it does the same with bluetooth, plus it remembers the key passes for bluetooth or network devices once you enter them, so there is not a lot to remember when you want to sign onto a familiar protected network.Cons: It is a little heavier than I anticipated. It is LIGHTER than an I-Pad for sure, but you should expect this item to weigh about as much as a small jar of pickles. This might be an issue for some people, but hasn't been for me. Occasionally the icons you tap, or buttons you tap take a moment or so to respond. Sometimes the interface with AppWorld is touch-and-go on downloads. They HAVE NOT YET RELEASED the Kindle Reader for the Playbook (this is as much RIM as it is Amazon), so I am still waiting for the release of the new Pro-Android App OS under OS2, which is supposed to roll out on February 17th, according to RIM's website and latest industry news. I will believe it when I see it.APPS: For now, here is a brief list of APPS I have added and recommend:AIR Browser is a Free App that allows you to explore the file structure on the device like Windows Explorer or the Apple equivalent. I find this useful to find media that I cannot find, or that the program does not detect (like some AZW files I transferred).EPub Book Reader is another Free App that allows you to do your e-reading, including AZW files. A NOTE OF CAUTION: DRM-Protected AZW files will be unreadable as of today's date. Thus you cannot use this to read Kindle purchased books for the time being.FourPlay - Recommended to me as a FourSquare user, this was described on CIO.com as a useful Free App.LaterDude - just allows you to put a sticky note on your screen and fill it with whatever Post-it type notes you might have for yourself. Free AppGuitar Playbook - holds various guitar tunings and chords for the whole scale - a neat little app for the guitar players (you can also use this to tune).Investment Week - Free app - pretty self explanatory, and highly rated.Poynt - Free app to find stuff nearby like movies, people, businesses, restaurants, gas, events and offersScratch Pad - a Free app that lets you write in free-hand.Doodle Blast - a free intro version of a paid game - fun for a day.ScoreMobile - Free Sports scores appQFolio - a Free Nasdaq stock appThe Big Package - a central app for free that allows you to track packages from different delivery companies in one site.Navita Translator and Fancy Tran - two free translation apps that are actually pretty goodGames: Hangman, Free solitaire, Playbook Chess, Gravity Burst Lite, Fruits and Ninjas, NYT Crosswords (all free apps)Currency - free currency converter.Netflix Queue Manager - meant to handle Netflix download queue.So far I am pretty happy.Just hoping the Android app interface rolls soon.
tablet_blackberry|I received my Playbook as a Christmas present from my parents, sister, and wife. I am completely new to the world of tablet computers, but have been a BlackBerry user for the past two and a half years. So when I saw that my family gave me a Playbook, I was very excited. I must say as I have spent the better part of the day playing with this fantastic device. My family really did their research on this. Being a BlackBerry user, the Playbook pairs via Bluetooth with my phone to access some of its features that, curiously, does not come pre-installed such as the calendar and the email app. Regardless of that though, mobile web has never looked so good. Where I believe the Playbook really shines is in its browser. You don't get a mobile view of a website, you get the full site. And unlike an iPad, the browser on the Playbook supports Flash, which the majority of the internet is. What's the point of having the "best" supposedly if it's handicapped by a deliberate lack of something essential? But the more I handle this, the more I am realizing that it does everything a tablet computer should do, and does it well. To say that I am impressed is an understatement. Even for someone who has had limited exposure to a touchscreen keyboard, I am finding the learning curve to be very friendly. The swipe feature, like the dots (which other BlackBerry users will be used to) allows you to do just about everything you will need to do. And as the final testament to what I have done with this so far, I typed this review on my Playbook.Edit: It's only been a couple of days but I need to update this review. I live in an area where the least expensive wi-fi option is $50 and comes with a 5gb cap. So, having my phone's unlimited data plan has been great at keeping me connected to the internet and the outside world. Where the Playbook comes into this is I can connect it to my phone (Curve 9330) via Bluetooth and use my existing data plan to surf the full web without having to add tethering to my plan. While slower than wi-fi, considering that I am able to see the full web without incurring extra fees and shelling out extra money, the trade-off is worth it.
tablet_blackberry|I jumped on the bandwagon and picked up a 32g at the discounted price. Thank you Amazon)) I switched from indestructible Motorola phones to blackberrys for their keyboard years ago. Typing 2 multiple times to get a 'C' is honeybadger crazy but the old moto v60 workhorse never let me down. The BB 8330 was fabulous with the high capacity battery but it was time for something new..My carriers latest BB offering was the full touch screen torch. The 'p' button on the old curve was getting weak from sitting on the keyboard so I gave into change. My iFriends where impressed with my new device but typing on the tiny buttons was quite aggravating until now. Enter the playbook... The set up took an hour. I cried when I was forced to upgrade the desktop software to 6.0. Roxio on version 5 was perfect but alas...Progress Enough background and on to the review...1) the high def screen is stunning. I have a Panasonic plasma AND an iPad2. The TFT rendering is phenomenal.2) being able to bridge my email to a usable keyboard is awesome. Thank you BB for push email. Who are these other people??3) I loathe compressed music files. Yes, I buy iTunes only editions but lossless isn't. The playbooks TWO speakers and the ability to play full bandwidth encoding formats is more of what 'i' want.4) flash is here to stay..thank you blackberry for integrating your browser to a stable configuration. in my opinion, it is a consumer need to make our little babies as useful as their desktop counterparts.One quirk tho...of political incorrectness...which I thought was funny. BBs server, being Canadian, denied me Bro Down on south park studios in bridge mode.....'due to contractual obligations, sorry Canada, you are not allowed to view this episode'. Matt and Trey do stir it up))I will still use the iPad 3g while traveling for the map function and the remote control applications.My recommendation, If you have a os7 BB phone and you are in the tablet market, you should give the playbook a spin...
tablet_blackberry|I researched both the Ipad and the BB PlayBook before I purchased. I also have friends who own both the Ipad and BB PlayBook. I love my BB and since I have and love my BB phone I figured how could I go wrong. It's probably the best purchase ever! There are people who just love Apple products and then there are those that love their BB's! It truly is a personal preference! It is bridged with my phone which is really neat, video chat is awesome, it is really an easy product to use! So, the point is this...if you want the Blackberry PlayBook then buy it, don't let someone else dictate your purchase! Apple lovers you're definitely one of a kind, but you can't sway me! Love my Blackberry PlayBook!
tablet_blackberry|Love my playbook. 2.0 dose make it way better. Use it over my laptop do to the size and easy. Laughing at you over priced apple clones. Great product
tablet_blackberry|My standard greeting to my Blackberry Playbook is, in deference to Bob and Doug McKenzie, "How's it going eh?" Turn it on and you're transported, quite leisurely I must say, to an outpost somewhere between Lac De La Pointe and Galoot Lake. A new owner finds out quickly that the Playbook is a proudly Canadian device. And that's kind of cool. No pun intended. Why? The supplied apps are Canadian-centric! Like the Film Board of Canada video app, Kobe bookstore or the ING.ca banking app in App World. Eh?Research in Motion is pedaling hard right now. We all know that. Android and iOS rule the roost with Microsoft threatening to move Windows into position that might someday translate into a reasonable tablet. In the meanwhile, RIM's foot is stuck on the railroad tracks hoping some RCMP Mounties in the form of a Pandora or Skype can rescue it before the train arrives.And while the Mounties may, indeed show up, I'm betting they'll be in the form of independent players, Pandora SDK in hand, hunkered down in a cabin on the shore of Chaleur Bay in a flannel shirt hoping to get an app into the market that can stop the train. In the meanwhile, based on the recent RIM leadership shakeup and much needed Playbook upgrade to QNX 2.0, I think that the train is still very far away.I now have two of these $199 Canadian slabs sitting before me. One for me, one for my wife. So for less than the price of one 10" 8GB iPad, I have two 7" 16GB Playbooks complete with USB, Bluetooth and HDMI support - connectivity features that, while unimportant to Apple in the era of `The Cloud', are important to me and lots of others.From a hardware standpoint, the Playbook is a lot of kit. When compared to a similarly priced Amazon Kindle Fire or the new 8GB B&N Nook Tablet, just the connectivity features alone clearly give value-added benefits to the Playbook. Being a lazy writer, I'll spare you the rundown of the specs but I'll just say that this thing is solid. Really solid. Battleship solid. A bit heavy for small hands solid. And, with its metal chassis, a little cold too. If you like to cuddle up in the bedroom with your tablet perched on your mid-section, a B&N Color Nook tab might be more comfortable. However, if you appreciate survivability, this thing is tough. But lacking Gorilla Glass, not that tough.A while ago I had the agony of owning an awful HTC Droid Eris running Android 2.1. While I'm not comparing apples to oranges or phones to tablets, I am calling out Google for the lack of stewardship of its Android OS by letting the phone manufacturers and carriers have their way with it and generally turn it into a fragmented, insecure cheeseball of an OS. It's so out of control with fragmentation and OEM customization that it reminds me of current day Las Vegas after the Mob lost control of the casinos. It's an overblown OS while Apple's iOS looks like it was designed by a New-Age artist at a Yanni concert. I have a Windows Phone 7 which I think is the most usable mobile OS available. Looking closely at QNX, I saw that it was designed in the same spirit of OS usability, purity and security as old WebOS or Windows Phone 7.So let's talk about that operating system, QNX. A while back when HP was dumping their tablets for $99 bucks, having WebOS rather than Android or iOS was seen as a compromise to be made for the pleasure of scoring a nice albeit cheap tablet. What is sad is that WebOS is a very good OS. It's the same for Playbook's QNX. A very nice, secure and fast tablet environment bereft of malware and Android security fears. Using it gives you the impression that you are dealing with an extension of the quality build of the device's hardware. With the upgrade to 2.0, all of the previous dumb RIM management decisions melt away and you're gifted with a highly-functional tablet experience that doesn't need a Blackberry phone to provide integrated email and PIM features. In fact, QNX 2.0 gives the Playbook the smooth, effortless and snappy feel that is lacking in the Amazon Kindle Fire for the same money.Reading to this point, you'd think I'm really sold on our new Blackberry Playbooks. Well I'm certainly not going to put them in the box and send them back, but I have one serious concern that would have prevented me from buying the pair had they not been such a deal at $199 each. Lack of apps.Now I refer you to back to my second paragraph. The section where I expect a Canadian Mountie in the form of a big player like Pandora or Skype to pull stuck RIM off the tracks before the train comes. Having business tools like Documents To Go is great, but it's not enough. Pandora says no. Skype is waiting to see if it's worth their while. But some like Zinio who see the promise of small but growing market are jumping in.Lacks of app was an issue with Windows Phone 7, and the outcry for Pandora was met by Indy developers creating SDK-based apps like MetroRadio to fill the hole. I think this is where Blackberry needs to be very proactive in supporting and fostering independent developer interest in Playbook and QNX. Just the ability to use some Android apps doesn't cut it. I've loaded a few. Feh. Playbook-native, quality apps built by RIM-supported developers are the only way to go to make RIM a true contender for your tablet-dollars.I'm keeping my Playbook. My wife hasn't put hers down since she got it, so I think she is too. But proactively I've put both Google and Bing on news alerts looking for Blackberry Playbook announcements. I'm reading Crackberry.com every day. So for now, the apps I have along with the great WebKit browser are satisfactory. But without a rapidly growing App World inventory, the future will be dim indeed.I have faith that the freight train heading for RIM will either derail or turn back before insuring a tragic and unnecessary ending to a great Canadian company. Do you hear a whistle in the distance? I sure hope not.
tablet_blackberry|A lot of indept reviews. Down and dirty, if you have a Blackberry phone you can use it to connect to your Playbook and don't need wi-fi. You use your Blackberry as your wi-fi. Can't beat it! Its easy to do! It also allows for wi-fi connection but how often are you on the road or away from wi-fi? For me always! On the metro, stuck in traffic....sitting in a store with the wife and kids.....Unless I'm at home or work and then I have a computer!The ability to hook up to your phone is the seller for me. Unless you have 4G and a wi-fi mobile hub on your smartphone? I'd go this route. As for functionality? Its all in the other reviews. Everything you could want and Blackberry backing you up. Can't go wrong folks. Forget Android. You're either an Ipad, Iphone, Ipod junkie and believe that Steve Jobs was the Christ Child....or you don't follow the crowd and make your own decisions in life. I highly recommend this product!!
tablet_blackberry|The Playbook has many positives, including a beautiful sleek design; perfect not too big, not too small, not too heavy size; awesome picture; sensitive screen; and fast processor; however, IT'S GOT NO APPS!!!To give you some perspective on where I'm coming from: I'm a regular guy. Not a computer geek, or a multiple phone/computer/tablet having "techie"; I do "average" computing things, like internet browsing, email, spread sheeting, movie watching, music/audiobook listening, playing games, playing game/learning apps for my kids,... stuff like that.From a physical standpoint, the small power button is probably the biggest problem I can think of; and for that, its not as much of a problem as others have written about; it does cause a problem for me at work because I somehow manage to turn it on accidentally while I hold it in a wide jacket pocket as I'm walking around; this of course leads to battery issues... I don't think that's a universal problem though. For music, it's pretty standard in terms of its specs. For music apps, it, of course, it is limited in terms of music potential, though it does have Slacker radio, and it has no Audible app (no big surprise).There just simply isn't enough available with this device. The lack of access to the Android Marketplace is problem #1, 2, and 3. The Blackberry App Store is a joke, albeit a sad one, directed at you. Many apps specified for use out of the US, which is of no benefit to me here in the states.It really is a beautiful device, however, unless you want to pay a lot of $$$ for a pretty screen that you can only web browse, facebook, and do email on, you'd be wise to spend your money on something else, virtually anything else.
tablet_blackberry|Settled on this tablet after weeks of agonizing over which tablet to get. Then i bought 11/29 - and then returned 12/1. It didn't do very well at what I hoped it would do. I will say I didn't buy this for apps, I didn't care about how many were available today. I wanted something easy to carry, would allow me to read files on a plane, could download attachments from email to read on a large screen using my existing BB phone data plan, and could hold pictures to show off to others. My Pros and cons:Pros:* the bridge is a great (well, almost, see below) feature when traveling and not near WiFi - get an email with an attachment on your BB phone -say a contract- no problem, bridge to your BB and open up the attachment and easily see it. very handy.* bridge browser works well (verizon plan on BB phone), makes websites easier to read but sites see it as a mobile device so typically I got mobile versions of sites on my playbook - so the WSJ would come in as mobile, which was fine and made it easier to read, and I didn't have to pay extra for the connection.* the operating system is fine but I'm not a techy and really don't get real excited about this. seems fine but generally...whatever, it works ok and is relatively easy to understand.* feels great, it's light and portable.* can hook it up to my computer to easily transfer files without 3rd party software or forwarding emails to myself.Cons:* personal belief is 7" screen is too small, while surfing I felt I was adjusting screen size too often. not a huge deal in the end but would prefer another inch or two. when on the WSJ site connected via WiFi articles were a little small.* I had trouble consistently downloading or even transferring files. I tried lots of Adobe PDF files and about 30% of the time the file would not open properly, e.g. the screen was blank even though the file was open in Adobe. Tried resetting and other solutions but never could get some files to open, but they opened easily/correctly on other devices.* I use Citrix to access corporate server including email and MS Office - it's basically useless on this device. Everything is way too small so all of the little icons were too hard to touch. I had hoped I could use Citrix to do business work when I needed software like Excel but the small screen size just makes it extremely difficult. It also did not fuction well, e.g. reminders from Outlook would pop up but I couldn't get them to close. I wasn't expecting great but I didn't even get good performance.* It seemed to struggle with large picture files. I loaded large photos onto the device but when I opened them using the "photos" icon they never fully loaded, always remained pixelated and blurred. If I opened in "downloads" they would come in very nice, but would take 15 to 20 seconds per picture to load.* When connected to my BB phone thru the bridge the size of the files I could download and open seemed limited. Not to mention they would take forever to download. So 1 MB files took several minutes. And a few 4 MB files wouldn't even download. Meaning when I got big files while on the road I could not open the files on the device, rendering it useless.* I didn't think it booted up very fast, slower than I would have expected when staring from "off" and not "standby".* wish it had an SD slot to make it even easier to transfer filesOverall, I think it has tons of promise but it needs to be bigger, faster and a little more reliable. Maybe the next update of the software will fix that but I'm not a tech guy, I don't need to have "cool". I need a device that works now and with so many other choices, no need for me to wait and hope. And while the bridge is a really neat feature, it was not enough to keep me (plus it has some drawbacks). For business users I don't think it lives up (yet).
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|Yes a very good sturdy item created by BB, the good parts you may have read them, houever the bad:CONS-GPS not usable so far...-BB Bridge (connection with phone) it is limited to mail and interet exploration, you can not run any of the other aplications that require interenet service, not even the weather.- yes you can import files from your phone, but no videos, so you are stuck with the 16GB of memory from the device and there is no way on expanding it for music or video.- The ON/OFF button is extreamly small and difficult to push.Most of this things can be solved with software updates, lets see if RIM is interested in making is product as good as it should...
tablet_blackberry|I bought 6 of this product, and forgot to test it. I traveled with it and gave it to my family. We tried so man times putting the playbook on, but it never came on. We tried charging it but it wasn't charging. So i came back home and contacted the seller and they told me they cant accept returns. I used almost $1000 for something that never worked. I hate this seller so bad, i don't know if i can ever recover and buy anything from Amazon sellers.
tablet_blackberry|Getting the Blackberry tablet activated has been difficult and the unit is still not up and running as expected. The support from Blackberry has been just as difficult with minimal help to incomplete.
tablet_blackberry|I don't have any other Blackberry devices, so I can't commnet on Blackberry Bridge. I'm using this device as a stand-alone tablet, mostly for going online, reading ebooks and docs, creating docs, watching youtube and other vids, and playing games.First, the not-so-good, why I didn't give it 5 stars. There is no way to expand memory. No micro SD card slot. You can't connect a flash drive, even with an adapter. You need another computer to sideload.There is no Kindle App avaiable and you are tied to Kobo for DRM books. There are apps for purchase that can read non-DRM books. If you already have books from Project Gutenberg, you cannot read them on the Kobo reader on Playbook you need to buy an app.There is a free app to read Open Office and Libre Office files, but you can't edit the files. The Playbook cannot read or edit LO/ OO files that I switched to .doc, so I am unable to edit any of my previous files. This is more than annoying.I use Firefox browser on my laptop. There is no FF app for Playbook and it doesn't look like there will be any time soon. I'm used to being able to block ads, and sometimes that lacking feature gets annoying. You can block script on the included browser, but only globally. You cannot name/ rename bookmarks, although you can name them if you put them on the desktop instead of on the browser. No Hulu support, at least yet...Even with all that, here's why I like Playbook. The browser, outside of what I mentioned, is pretty good. It has some security/ control features that I like. It runs very smoothly and very fast. It has Flash support for youtube and other sites!Some complain about lack of apps in the store, but it suits me OK, with the exception of the LO/ OO issue. I don't feel a need for a ton of apps, so it's OK. by me. Oh, there is android app support, but you can only really use android apps you get thru the Playbook store. This doesn't bother me, but I thought I'd mention it.The OS is great! Runs fast, fluid, easy to use and the screen is wonderfully touch-sensitive. Pinch and zoom is fabulous. Very sharp images and wonderful color for movie/ youtube viewing. It's light-weight and feels good to hold. The back of the Playbook is grippy, so I don't worry so much about dropping it. I've found some good games at the app store, most are a pleasure to play. The app store continues to grow.I'm hoping that some day that the issues I metioned will be fixed. Because then this would be a 5 star device. Definitely a good deal at about the $200 amount.
tablet_blackberry|Full Internet. Portable versions of excel, word and powerpoint. Great device for portable usage and for school note taking. Also you cant beat the price. Only complaint is apps but if you want a mini computer like I did, its well worth the $200 or so.
tablet_blackberry|ok people responsible arrive on time and in perfectc ondition the product works great and my wife is very happy
tablet_blackberry|very good price for good quality. I hope BBRY will offer an upated platform for this tablet and this will be a great deal.........
tablet_blackberry|Very good product, quality and finish.. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ..
tablet_blackberry|Well i am a devoted BB fan but this table wasn't easy to set up because no manuals are included with the device. It took me 6 hours to figure out how to sync this thing and put music and pics on it using BLACKBERRY MEDIA SYNC. Once i got past all that with a simple fix i was happy. BLACKBERRY NEEDS TO INCLUDE A MANUAL WITH THE DEVICE. To make life easier for yourself i would say wait until the 4G version comes out and get that one.
tablet_blackberry|Es un increible producto y vino a tiempo :) a cumplido con mis espectativas y mucho mas haya de ellas es de las mejores compras q he hecho
tablet_blackberry|I am a Blackberry fan simply because there products are easy to use. The Playbook is easy to adapt too. Although the operating system doesnt allow many apps like a Droid or Apple would I still feel like Blackberry is a good brand. The size of the tablet and clarity of the screen are wonderful features. I use the tablet mainly for internet and a few games. After a year of use I havent had issues. If you want a tablet and aren't into many apps I would recommend this tablet.
tablet_blackberry|i like the dual camera on it and i like the sound but i hate it because i cannot watch netflix on it.
tablet_blackberry|I love my tablet, my boyfriend got a 10 inch and always says he likes the size of mine better because its easier to hold and use at the same time. Its very fast and takes great pictures.
tablet_blackberry|I liked this player at the start, but wanted to give it a few months before reviewing. I will say that I puchased mine refurbished, but conveniently after the 90 day warranty, the machine would become very slow with delayed reactions. Then the screen would go dark and would need restarting to return. Now, less than six months after purchase with no damage, the screen is permanently black and the seller TechTurn won't even offer an option for repair and RIM offers RMA at a cost of a new machine. Disappointing, as i really did like this machine at the start.
tablet_blackberry|This is a good realy good amazon offer! Very cheap and with excelent conditions. The product is not like new is new! I install some games and all work fine so fast.
tablet_blackberry|It perfectly complements the blackberry smart phone ... Great for business oriented tasks.For those who value time for te productivity you can accomplish this is the perfect matchYou can use your phone's data plan to browse the internet id there is no wi-fi around available
tablet_blackberry|I purchased the BlackBerry for my Partner. Loved it so much,He bought me one a week later. I know that the ipad claims to have "awesome" visuals but the BlackBerry playbook has spectacular resolution. For 199.00$ Apps are increasing by the minute. Just wish the phones were better. I would definitely go with a BlackBerry phone if they would get with the game.
tablet_blackberry|I felt compelled to write a review regarding this great tablet. The price is more than awesome it beats any time Kindle Fire, other tablets ( don't even talk to me about apple) and it's has a great performance !! I watched a movie on it , I surfed internet ( I'm using the bridge app so Io have internet anywhere with my BB phone plan) , using it with the Kobo as an ebbok (7 inch is the perfect size).The only thing that is lacking for instance is Skype on BB playbook. Playbook you deserve five star. !!
tablet_blackberry|The 32 gb version was $242. Very good cameras. Very good sound. Construction is quality and more than happy. Plus, with a $4 app. wirelessly transferred 1500 ITunes song on PC to Blackberry Playmate in an hour. Sorry, Amazon but why would one buy a Kindle Fire with no cameras, 8 gb for $199?Kobo books meets our needs for reading material.Great product at this price and I would highly recommend.
tablet_blackberry|Great little tablet for the price..I would recommend. Have had a lot of fun with it so far. Still learning more functions.
tablet_blackberry|OK, I've waited a little over a month now and I have some pro's and some cons.Pros: The video quality is amazing, it really can't be described. I use the Playbook to watch videos downloaded and streamed too. The videos look better on the playbook than they do on any of my computers or TV's. I also love that it has Micro USB and Micro-HDMI so it easily connects the playbook to TV's computers etc.. I also think that it reacts well when I touch it and doesn't seem too slow or tentative. The browser is also pretty good. It comes with a bookmark page similar to speeddail, so searching through your favorites is very convenient.Cons: Others have stated how the apps are limited in number available to the public. That's a huge understatement. There isn't a real Twitter, Reddit, or even TMZ app. I know you may now all be thinking that's a weird combination of apps that I've brought up and my reply to that is "Well I like to be in the LOOP." Now to bringing me back to a pro, the Bookmark page holds enough dials that it is easy to sort through all your favorite websites. Also browsing those websites that don't have an app for the Playbook are not an inconvenience on most sites..Conclusion: If you are wanting to play with apps or use popular apps or wanna do anything at all other than play the Free Need for Speed game that is a really fun game, you had better not get this tablet. Other than the no apps issue this tablet is a pretty awesome piece of technology..
tablet_blackberry|A great product. A refurbished blackberry playbook. I've had it for about 5 hours now it works like a dream. Special thanks to PC Intelligence. A timely delivery and true to their word!
tablet_blackberry|With the current deep discount, you can't go wrong particularly if you are a BB phone user. My wife bought me a 32GB for my birth day and I decided to get 4 more. One for another personal use so that I and my wife can connect. The rest are for company use. Depending on your need, you may find PB has no real use if you are into apps to run through your day. However, only a handful of currently available paid and free apps, I find it very helpful for my daily need both personal and at work.Here is my short review.Pros:Size, I find it to be just a sweet spot to lug it around. For any short business trip, I have been successfully leaving my laptop behind.Specs, for its current discounted prices, you can't find anything close to it. It has 2 HD cameras front and back. Of course, 5MP front and 8MP back would be nice, but it is good enough. It has flash and support html5. Being Amazon prime member, I am really happy being able to stream movie directly with my PB. The list goes on, but last but not least, its multi-tasking is above average. Higher memory to 2GB would be super nice, but it has yet frozen or crashed on me.BB Bridge, some may find this less appealing, but I love it and look forward to the OS2 release. Check the 2012 CES report and you will understand what I am referring to.Cons:Apps, again it is a toss up depending on what you are looking for. So you know what you are going into. This is not iPad or Android apps market. Study and see if it fits ya.SW, it needs an update really bad. Currently, it lacks native file browser, languages support (South East Asia, for example), spelling checking, etc. But the new OS should address most of these.I should also note that I do not like the charing setup via micro usb. I have seen a few displays at a few shops in town with broken micro usb and the thing stuck to the device! I am sure it was due to the abuse from potential client, but thought that I mention it. Last but not least, the power button seems to have issue and its depends. Some unit will have a really flush power button making it hard to use.If you are a doubter and know that you do not need hundreds apps to get your job done, give it a whirl. You will be impress.
tablet_blackberry|Works very well, with no problems. I particularly like the way you can "bridge" the tablet with a Blackberry cell phone. You can download files and apps from your cell phone and PC. Battery life could be better (8-10 hrs) but I am very pleased with it. The price was the best part. About half of what the box store retailers were asking.
tablet_blackberry|I've been searching on the internet and have read multiple reviews and then made the decision to buy the Playbook. I'm very glad with it and am using it mostly for web browsing and checking my mail. Hope the OS 2.0 will come very soon.
tablet_blackberry|First of all - I like the Playbook. I don't love it (which would have been a 5 star). In short - the hardware is nice, feels good, seems of high quality. The software is limited and lacks some of the features that I would like to see. I am not an expert user and also non-ideological when it comes to brands (Apple vs. Android vs. RIM). I am a long time user of Blackberry smartphones and really like them. I was thinking about a tablet for a long time and jumped on the Playbook mostly due to the good price and the size.I find the name of the tablet fitting - Playbook. This is exactly what this device is good for. It's a nice extension to my laptop and my smartphone that I will continue to take on my travels. That's why I prefer the smaller size of the Playbook over the bigger iPad. I am sure the iPad is a great device and from all I hear and have experienced myself, it has superior touch and feel and certainly more applications than the Playbook. That's probably my biggest critizism of the Playbook. Apps are limited and I am mostly missing Google Maps and Skype functionality. I like the Blackberry Bridge functionality that allows for accessing emails on the tablet, but I cannot e.g. download attachments. This seems to be a bug connected to the Blackberry Enterprise server software, something I unfortunately have no influence on. So I am really waiting for that Operating System upgrade that RIM is promising and that is announced for Feb 2012.In summary, what I like:+ Size+ Price+ High quality touch and feel+ Speed (e.g. browser speed is great!)+ video/photo qualityWhat I don't like:- Limited apps (no google maps, no skype,...)- waiting for OS upgradeI would recommed the Playbook if you are looking for a handy extra device for mostly... play. It's not a replacement for laptop or smartpone (as none of the tablets are in my opinion).
tablet_blackberry|This was a gift to me for christmas and I really love it. We were deciding on various tablets and decided to buy the playbook to complement my blackberry phone and because we are afraid to purchase one of the unknown tablets that may have been cheaper.I really love that I can use my bbm and check my mail on the playbook although I may not be at a location that have wifi.The video quality is great. I have been able to get all type of files to play on the playbook without any problems.The music player is good but I dont like the fact that you cant get more than one playlist.I am not 100% pleased with the bbm app. I find I should be able to view the status updates on the playbook and sometimes although I respond to a message or I read a message it still shows up as unread.The camera quality is great.Youtube videos shows very good without any problems.Blackberry Bridge Browser works good for situations where you dont have wifiOne issue is the lack of an ebook reader. I can download Kobo Reader but I cant read books that I have on my tablet through the reader.Overall its a good product.
tablet_blackberry|First of all, I have had a business Ipad 1 for approx. 3 months. Had no complaints with the Ipad. I have also used the Fire and Nook Tablet in the stores, but never owned one. After owning this PB for two weeks, all I can say is wow. Great device for what I need: internet, gps, camera. I don't use many apps, which from what I have heard is the only complaint with this item. The PB is very fast and responsive, unlike the fire and nook that I used. Also, construction seems very durable unlike the cheap plastic feeling tablets. I have added an otter box just to insure I don't trash it (school and work use). Definitely a great buy for $199.
tablet_blackberry|product arrivedon time. great display and easy to use. must have wifi to set-up. great aps. when i upgrade cell, i will purchase a blackberry, i have been converted. i am sending this with the playbook!! very nice keyboard. please try the astronomy ap.
tablet_blackberry|An absolutely amazing piece of technology and Amazon's service and delivery was top class! I can now use my Blackberry for calls only and really do everything else on my Playbook.
tablet_blackberry|Bought the 16GB version last week, played with it for a day, and returned it 24 hours later. I'm not an Apple fanboy as I happily use both Macs and PCs, and feel like there's a place for both. I have an iPad 2, and understand the strengths and weaknesses of Apple products and tablets in general. What I wanted to try in the Playbook was a smaller form factor and apps that helped improve productivity. Here are my impressions:Pros:- build quality is phenomenal. RIM must be applauded for the device, which has tight build tolerance, high-quality materials, and a nice feel.- The display is likewise terrific. Bright, clear, high contrast.- Initial setup was painless, and I was up and running in 10 minutes.- Price! Compared to the Toshiba Thrive or Samsung Galaxy 7.0 Plus, it's hundreds of dollars cheaper.- The web browser is a full-fledged browser. Unlike the iPad, I can browse the full Wall Street Journal website. Big thumbs up for this.- GPS worked well.- Audio volume and quality is superior to the iPad.Cons:- Lack of apps! This is the main reason that I returned it. No Kindle app? No easy way to read my own eBooks? Yes, one can use the Kindle reader through Amazon's website, but that's not doable if you're not in a wifi area. What if you're on an airplane? No mail app either? No calendar app? Similarly, no Pandora app. Yes, you can use the browser...however...- The web browser kept crashing on me. Over and over and over. I restarted the tablet, reset the tablet. Didn't help. I found it maddening. Other apps crashed fairly regularly too (like Spotify), but not as much as the browser.- I'm not sure a 7 inch tablet is a good form factor for web surfing. It's way easier on a 10 inch tablet. Duh. But I found it pretty hard to read the screen - got a headache after a few minutes. This is probably the downside of having the same website views as on a full-sized computer.- Steve Jobs comment about needing sandpaper to narrow your fingers so they tap the screen effectively seems pretty accurate.- I would have really liked an SD card slot (or even micro-SD).All in all, I'm not sure if the Playbook is better or worse than the Kindle Fire (it's not quite fair to compare it to the iPad, which retails for hundreds of dollars more). The hardware is superior on the Playbook. But the lack of usable apps hobbles it. Maybe the supposed February software update will render it great. But the update isn't set in stone, and RIM has already pushed it back from summer 2011. So it's a gamble. The question is, does the tablet work for me in its current state? For me, no.Last note - I don't have a Blackberry smartphone. If I did, and was able to use Blackberry bridge to tether my Playbook and get access to my mail and calendar, many of the weaknesses would be rendered moot. But at this point, I'd rather buy a tablet to complement my current smartphone, as opposed to buying a smartphone to complement my tablet.
tablet_blackberry|First things first....Iam anti Apple..have a ipod but love my zune..daughter has a mac....refuse to use it except for a test drive.purchased a playbook and could not be happier.zero problems and the screen resolution and o/s are just great. Even my two teenage Apple worshipping daughters love it.If you need a tablet and dont want to pay the suckers premium to use 1 million apps that you can't possibly need, buy the playbook,save some cash and with the new o/s coming things can only get better.
tablet_blackberry|Have had the Playbook for 6 months now. Its become an essential tool for both work and play. I bought it for work to use as a highly mobile computing device. It works very well in that role tho' I found it doesn't replace my laptop. Rather it supplements it. How do I use it?* Download powerpoint presentations to the Playbook and present them at conferences and meetings* Load marketing materials, flyers, etc. and display them. Lots of pdf documents here* Take notes at meetings using the Word To Go app which I then access from my desktop.* Play music* Great for Youtube videos* Great camera* Slinging it to my blackberry phone gives me internet access anywhere my phone works. Don't need WiFi.Love the size and feel of it. Unobtrusive but very professional. Like the keyboard which allows me to take notes silently in meetings (I'm a loud keyboarder). When I'm in my office I connect it to my PC using a USB connector and it acts as another drive which I can copy stuff to and from. I also using DropBox and Bluebox so I can easily move stuff between my Playbook and my other devices. Battery life is excellent.My only real complaint is access to Netflix and TimeWarner is not available on the Playbook. Hopefully TW & NF will resolve that in the near future.
tablet_blackberry|I love this item as it truly fits my needs. It has great HD capacity when watching videos, is easy to work with, and has a never ending variety of ways to entertain as well as programs to help get "work done".
tablet_blackberry|exceleent, excellent excellent. i live in Venezuela and it is my personal bb playbook, so it works excellent. it arrived in good conditions and everything complete. so, recommended.
tablet_blackberry|Although I'm not a Blackberry phone owner, I must admit that this tablet is extremely good. Sound and picture quality is excellent, creates documents in a snap, I love the HD and all of it's features.So many features. The batter life is also very good. All this with being light-weight and portable. I take it everywhere.
tablet_blackberry|Product is as described. its really portable and can fit into a small ladies handbag. The thing i like about the playbook is that i can use it with my blackberry phone via bridge.
tablet_blackberry|Let's do this....:It's been 2 months since I possessed this tablet. I had posted some reviews which differed from one week to the next. I dislike rambling on and on about some "details" which may seem un-necessary, but I must confess that a little back info is required to aid the need of having opted for this brand.Needed for:* Creation (Word and Excel), reading and editing (PDF) of documents.Obviously, this little cookie can do more than the mentioned above.Pros.:1. Awesome OS, quite fast and smooth.2. Menu access is 'dumb' proof.3. 1GB RAM (Tip: placing apps into folders increases the amount of free memory, hence a faster booting and running of apps).4. The HD capability is just flawless for both video and games.5. Sound is perfect (be reasonable, it is a tablet)6. Bluetooth connectivity is rather easy and quick. I'm running a mouse and keyboard at the same time, though they seem to disconnect while in use (not sure whose fault; the tablet's or the devices')7. I own the 64GB version, much of which memory is free for your own usage, not the manufacturer's (Android OS devices like the Nook, loaded with apps you don't even need)8. Battery life on 'Standby' mode lasts quite a while. Overnight it discharges only 2%9. The design, weight and feel are just smooth and classy, or elegant, if you will.10. HDMI Connectivity is superb. While in use (for main point of purchase) I connect it to my HDTV and even the OS looks sharp.11. Almost forgot...WiFi is rather fast. I can download a 6MB file in seconds.12. Email account set-up is easy. I am running two accounts, not sure how many you can have, but maybe many.* There are many other advantages to this tablet, but perhaps too many to continue. I would recommend a test drive. BTW, very important! Blackberry offered Playbook owners an extra 50GB memory on box.com. The app can be found in the App World, just type 'box'. Works like the cloud and has many cool functions.Cons.:1. Start up time is quite slow. Placing apps into folders & keeping wifi off helps.2. The vertical-horizontal orientation system seems too slow for my own taste. I noticed Apple is way faster, more responsive.3. The power and HDMI cable connections are at the bottom, while the headphone's at the top. This creates an inconvenience when you need to have them all connected if you do NOT own a charging dock, which I don't (way too expensive).4. Since it is well built, weight presents a difficulty while holding it for reading, especially in bed laying on your back.5. The main apps I use seem to crash a bit too much, like the browser, qPDF NOTES. Rarely a game crashes.6. Camera isn't anything fantastic, per se. It does have a dual camera for video chatting, which I have not used since I know no one with a BB account.Some people have complained that there aren't enough apps for the Playbook, but there's been a new release of an Android Player for the Playbook, This Enables PB owners to download and use Android apps.While I am content with mine, I refuse to purchase their accessories as they are ridiculously expensive, like their bluetooth keyboard.Hope this helps in your decision making =)
tablet_blackberry|Well I don`t know much about computers and technology but what I do know is that I am super happy with this tablet, the battery lasts for days, and it doesn`t weight so you don`t feel a thing.So I encorage everyone to buy one of this.
tablet_blackberry|I have to say up front that this is one impressive little piece of hardware!! It appears to be very solidly built, has outstanding display graphics and great battery life. The user interface (once you grasp a few of the basic swipes) is very strait forward and intuitive. It is easy to use and very well laid out. My wife has an Ipad and it compares very favorably to that device. However with most computing devices the available software has a dramatic effect on the perceived performance. There is a lot of good basic software that comes with the device however the available apps could use a little work. I would think that maybe Blackberry might offer some incentives to developers to make some more attractive apps. The GPS engine works ok however the Bing Maps program they have saddled it with, times out before the GPS has the opportunity to initialize for the first time. Technical support is dismal and there is little or no information included with the unit. It would be reasonable for Blackberry to post some sort of on line Manual, on their website, that would be helpful (don't you guys have any info in house !!!). I found that on line forums had solutions to problems that the Tech Support folks could not fix. It shares some of the common problems of most tablets running bare bones apps. Email is a bit doggy in that there is no way to block spam and often eMails will be received two or three times. And like the iPad this wireless device can not print to a wireless printer on the same wireless network (What is up wit that? My lap top and Net Book can!).Likes - Size , Graphics, Battery Life, Build quality, Intuitive interface and Web Browsing capabilities.Dislikes - Tech Support, Lack of printing capability, Modest APP selection, Slow initial Boot Up, Weak Email program, no online manual.On the positive side they do seem to take the feed back business seriously. I received a call shortly after I completed my feed back survey and they actually did seem to care!This could be a totally awesome device with just a few good moves on Blackberrys part !!UpdateJust got done reading the"Blackberry Playbook Companion" by Matthew Miller. After reading this book (biased on the original OS) it was obvious that the original device was highly dependent on the Blackberry Smart Phone to take advantage of many of its features. That would explain why it received a rather luke warm reception by many non Blackberry users. The latest OS Revision eliminated this dependance and makes this a very competitive tablet.Once the use of Android apps if refined to embrace the concept of "User Friendly" this will be a truly awesome tablet. As it is my wife has an Ipad and there are many features of the Playbook that I find are much better!
tablet_blackberry|It's been 2 weeks since I have been using my playbook and I am pretty happy with it.It's pretty fast in response. Video quality is quite sharp. The software is very user friendly and it's best feature is it's gesture driven operations. It's all driven by hand/finger gestures. There is no Home button (which breaks the continuity like in Apple devices, I own a few).There are a lot of apps available on Blackberry AppWord but of course you can not compare it with Apple store which is enormous and ever growing.I am happy with the battery performance also.For almost 1/3rd price of an iPad, this tablet has simply no match!The negatives are : Limited apps, slow start up time(For day to day usage one can put it to stand by which is very fast)
tablet_blackberry|i had my doubts but the tablet works flawless and its very handy and fast!!!! also the image quality its very good
tablet_blackberry|THIS IS AN AWESOME TABLET!! I AM AN ANDRIOD PERSON IVE BEEN USING ANDROID SINCE IT CAME OUT, BUT I LIKE DEALS. SO I BOUGHT THE TABLET FOR THE BARGAIN PRICE AND PUT DOWN MY HP TOUCHPAD WITH ICS THAT DIDNT WORK VERY WELL (BUGGY)..WELL THIS PLAYBOOK IS BREATH OF FRESH AIR IT WORKS FLAWLESSLY..YOU DO NEED TO ASK YOURSELF THOUGH- "WHAT DO I NEED A TABLET FOR?". I JUST NEED IT TO BROWSE THE WEB ON A BIGGER SCREEN WHILE ON THE GO AND PLAY MUSIC AND VIDEOS IT DOES THAT WELL.. IN TERMS OF APPS THAT IS THE ACHILLES HEEL OF THIS TABLET...NOT SO GOOD SELECTION I STILL HAVE MY ANDRIOD PHONE FOR THAT THOUGH=).I WOULD RECOMEND IT TO ANYONE ITS CHEAP,FAST, SOLIDLY BUILT IM VERY PLEASED..
tablet_blackberry|I bought a Playbook after comparing it to all the other 7 inch devices out there. It had the specs to stand up to all those very well and the multitasking is great. I kept it for a week and finally just decided it did not work for me. Here are just a few issues. Browser - nice browser, but no "find on page" feature so I can find words. Youtube Client - you can log in, but there is no way to see your playlists, favorites, etc. So, what's the point. You have to use the m.youtube.com, which I found liked to crash a lot for some reason when I tried to full screen a video. The desktop Youtube worked really well though. Android Apps - ok, there are some out there, but they're not that great to navigate. Combining the gesture navigation of the Playbook with the menu navigation of certain Android apps just proved frustrating to me. Alot of them performed noticeably sluggish also. One of my favorite apps is Flixter, which is a converted Android app in Blackberry App World. They conveniently left out the ability to view all movie trailers in the app. I'm pretty sure they did this because of the time it would take for a full port of the app, but c'mon man!! When I said forget it and tried to find a native Playbook app similar to Flixter, there was nothing to be found except crap from other countries...Brazil, India, etc. C'mon man. This is just an example. There are some good Android ports that work well like Pulse. I sideloaded Kindle and it worked well, but a little sluggish. Dropbox was another app I sideloaded that worked well. One problem I found with it was that when I went to view photos it downloaded every photo I viewed to my device and kept it there. I didn't really like that. The BlueBox app (native Playbook app for Dropbox) worked well, but in order to view any document it had to first be downloaded to the device. This is not what I'm used to on other devices. The camera is okay, but once I take a picture I can't share it or go directly to the gallery from the camera app. Maybe I'm too used to the features of my phone or other devices I've used, but I bet you can do this on a Blackberry phone. Why leave out simple stuff like that on your tablet. OS 2.0 added a whole lot, but it's still got a ways to go. I think they need to find that balance between gesturing and menu navigation. There is such a thing as too much gesturing. Just like Palm and the TouchPad, the Playbook is too little, too late. It needs support. Android apps won't save it (real good apps, but it's not getting those quick enough and I'm not waiting). This thing needs great native apps to make it shine. A couple kudos, though...this thing plays movies like a champ and games look great. Just goes to show you that specs aren't everything.
tablet_blackberry|This tablet is really a gem. To be fair, I am a big Apple fan and absolutely love their products. However, at these price points, I don't think there is a better tablet for the money than the Playbook. Yes, the Playbook isn't as fun and sexy to most like an iPad, but it can do so many things very well. The web browsing is fantastic. The music and video options are great. In fact, I just sync it with my iTunes. The camera is super and the video chat is great. The video chat is limited between Playbook users, but man is it sweet! Too bad it isn't expanded.Bottom line if you are shopping for a tablet, give the Playbook a good, hard, look. It can really impress while not breaking the bank.
tablet_blackberry|Summary: high quality build, easy to use, but need refinements on a lot of apps. Problem with YouTube and other apps.I have used the iPad 2, iPad 3, HP TouchPad and now this Playbook. In terms of build quality, it is solid. you have this metal shelf feeling once you hold on to it.However, it seems the apps is worse than HP TouchPad. I use it mainly to read email, browse the web, track stocks and watch youtube.Let's start with my worst experience, the YouTube. The layout seems ok, until you start do a search on video. It cannot find video that exist when using web browser. I am talking about the browser on BB. That's pointless, right? it is not just one instance. It happens a lot. So, I end up using the browser to go to YouTube . Secondly, the "related" video and the authors link feature doesn't work!! So, after you watch one video, and wants to find the related video or author button. It just won't allow you to do it. Even WebOS is better, what is this?Second main comment is the lack of good stocks, options tracking software. It isn't hard to program. Since RIMM is targeting business users, they should include more finance related good apps.Third, the screen and video quality is not as good as HP TouchPad. the pixel density seems less. Comparinng with the TouchPad. It seems the pixels are larger. however, the sharpest seems a little better than the TouchPad.I think the screen is on bar with iPad2. iPad 3 screen may be a little over rated...
tablet_blackberry|The PlayBook is awesome! I own an iPad, iPhone, iPod Touch, and iPod Nano. I just bought the PlayBook and for the money, this is one of the most amazing bargains for a great technology product you will find today. Is it the iPad? No it's not. Does it do 95% of what the iPad can do? Yes. And at one third the price! I highly recommend this product for users who will utilize it for reading, email, web browsing, contacts, calendar, and other tasks. I don't understand why this product doesn't get the respect it deserves. Oh, and for those who, like me, have all their music in iTunes, the PlayBook syncs with that too!
tablet_blackberry|Pros: The Playbook has a good,fast OS and a great browser. Plays flash videos and all. Decent camera. Great games on the app market. Typing is easy and fast; (especially when you flip it over and use it as a phone...feels just like texting). Plus, the new OS addresses several key issues here outlined by previous customers, such as adding an inbuilt email server. PDF, MS Office, etc are all included. And finally GREAT PRICE!!!$200 for a 16GB tablet is a steal!Cons: It lacks certain key apps such as skype, yahoo/aol/msn messengers, the kindle app, and a lot of other apps that are offered by the Android and the Apple markets. But RIM is trying to improve and new apps are being added everyday.Overall, its a good deal for the average joe who simply wishes to use it for browsing, checking email, going on twitter and facebook, playing a few games, and does not wish to spend $500 for a tablet.
tablet_blackberry|I have been researching tablets for a month, looking for a bargain ahead of the impending Ipad3 release. I preferred a 7" tablet as a compromise between portability and usability. The most common complaints about the Playbook were the power button being too small or too hard to operate and the "lack of apps". I found both of these complaints to be unfounded. The power button is easily pressed without any head scratching, frustration or need for a sharp object. As for apps, there are far more than I expected. Many hundreds, mostly either free or ranging up to $1.99. There are a few that are more expensive, including Angry Birds at $4.99. One small complaint that I hadn't seen documented is the longish boot time. It takes my playbook about a minute and a half from button press to ready to use. The speed and graphics quality are good. I have seen the playbook sold for as low as $190.00 brand new in box. At this price it is a steal.
tablet_blackberry|I've owned the playbook for two weeks and have found it to be extremely useful. Syncing email and calendars is very easy and reliable, the screen is beautiful, and it is wonderful for web browsing. I've sideloaded several android apps such as Google maps and drop box. They work without issue. Hopefully there will be native playbook versions of these apps released in the next few months as the android apps aren't quite as snappy as the native apps. Overall this isn't just a nice tablet for the price. It's just an excellent tablet. Period.
tablet_blackberry|Blackberry Playbook is the best tablet in the market so far. I have owned mine for about 10 month now and I am still in love with it.A new version of the OS will be released before the end of February which is OS 2.0 and it will have Native Email,Calendar and Contacts. if you want to know more about the new OS 2.0 go to www.crackberry.com and put Playbook OS 2.0 on the search bar and you will find everything you need to know about the new Blackberry Playbook software update :)
tablet_blackberry|I was in a Staples Brick & Mortar store and handled the Blackberry Playbook. I was rather impressed with the speed and image quality that appeared on the screen. However, I was truly blown away after I purchased my unit through Amazon. I love the speed , the size and image quality. I would certainly recommend the unit for anyone that travels a lot, or is on the the road often. Nice size, fast, fast easy to navigate and image quality is outstanding.The only warning,... the black edge border IS touch sensitive. So one needs to learn to handle the Playbook by the edges only. Otherwise ,... Fantastic.
tablet_blackberry|I have had the playbook for about a week, but I'm already in love with it! The playbook itself is the perfect portable size and weight, when compared to the ipad, the blackberry playbook is a million times better in that department. The screen resolution is very clear & great quality. You will need to buy a screen protector because it doesn't come with one & probably a better case for it. Everyone complains about the power button being small, but its you can easily press it with no difficulty unless u have no hands. I don't have a blackberry nor do u need one! It has great battery life &mine charges pretty quickly. It does have a limited amount of apps but if that is a problem u can just wait for the new update that will have android apps.
tablet_blackberry|i bought the playbook after consultation with the reviews on amazon. i was first considering the ipad, iconia, transformer, i finally settled on the playbook, and man is it sweet. the graphics alone are to die for. "crisp". connectivity is great, interface is good, hey i'm using it now. and oh yeah, FLASH brilliant web pages that cant be displayed on the ipad flow seemless on the playbook. Good job RIM keep it up
tablet_blackberry|This is the first time I have ever reviewed anything but feel like I should because the Playbook 32Gb is the best! I have used a Blackberry smartphone for a few years and I love how the Playbook interfaces with it with the Bridge. My husband has an iPad and after I have shown him everything it can do, he is now questioning why he has an iPad. Great size! Someone else commented on the on/off button and I would agree that should be changed, but other than that it is well worth the money (costs a lot less than an iPad). Less apps? Yeah, there was a shortage of Apple apps to when they started, but my complaint with Apple apps is that there are way too many, most are useless and there is it difficult to find the apps you want on iTunes. Blackberry Appworld is way more organized and the apps for the most part are useful!!
tablet_blackberry|I really like the Blackberry Playbook. The size is just right for portability and furthermore, the ergonomics of the device are agreeable as well. The battery life of the device is sufficient and I have yet to run into any problems with the operating system. The playbook that I own is the 32gb version and the reason for my purchase was to have a device that would not be as cumbersome as a laptop to carry with me as I travel. So far, I've had my playbook for about a month and would say that I am happy with this device. If that should change, I will return and amend this review.This review was written on the Blackberry Playbook.
tablet_blackberry|The playbook color screen is awesome. the images colors are so vivid. I love having it linked to my blackberry phone making dowloading apps to both in one click of a botton. Love it.
tablet_blackberry|Very nice product, high quality as expected.Although the biggest problem is apps, which were are practically none, but I'm waiting for official OS2 release, because it will have ANDROID MARKET.No skype for playbook OS??? That is disaster. Hope android market will fix that!!
tablet_blackberry|Since childhood was not happy with a gift, but this gift is excellent, I have no free time is the best electronic device I've had in my life, my playbook, I can play games, watch movies, surf the Internet without problems, and not only that, I can run my office in my hands, my productivity increased, now my company has no idle time I'm always connected.
tablet_blackberry|It's great tablet in terms of hardware specification, regretting the rapid discount in the market from Thanksgiving shopping season to date. ( I purchased at the level $460!!)One big problem is malfucntion during BlackBerry Bridge link. Upon restart of Playbook everytime, my BlackBerry 9700 does not connect to or my PlayBook does not accept Bluetooth access. After many trial & error, I found only a solution is to turn off Bluetooth at Playbook before its power off, and turn on the BTooth everytime after power on.When I missed this process, I had to reload the Bridge App. into my 9700, so that the linkage was revived.RIM seems to recognize this defect. I hope they get motivated to refine this great hardware along with the development of OS 2.0 or more.Also awaiting for more free app. as in the App. World of BB Smartphones.
tablet_blackberry|Excellent product. Excellent performance with great fluency. Robust and stylish in design. I recommend it for those who want an alternative in many cases superior to ipad. Missing applications, but there are always alternatives to what is required.
tablet_blackberry|I like this tablet since I have a BB BOld smartphone and it syncs up with my phone so I get all my emails on it. It also allows me to tether to it so i can get internet even if there is no wifi in my area. However, you can now buy this for $199 at Staples and Best Buy, I wouldnt pay the extra $50 for it here
tablet_blackberry|Very good and easy to carry .Good speed in Internet has the advantage to use flash .Good price
tablet_blackberry|This device rocks. I took it to work, and a coworker that had been given a 10 inch fruity dinner plate 2 for free had device envy.
tablet_blackberry|I can't say enough about how great this thing is. I bring it with me everywhere I go. It's just the right size to where it's never a hassle to keep up with, but it's always just the right size to look at.The HDMI out makes it a joy to watch movies (like ones from amazon) any time I'm travelling since most hotels have tv's with HDMI in nowadays.
tablet_blackberry|The Blackberry Playbook is without a doubt a superb product with excellent functionality and a great overall tablet. Imagine the Playbook is automatically updated to add more flexibility and functionality without buying a new unit, Apple should take a hint. Trust me, Blackberry is here to stay.My only point of contention is the questionable customer service from Go4Computers, the sales agent in this transaction. The unit was used by someone else as was evident by someone else's Blackberry login credentials being registered on the unit. Fine, it was a great price and I was able to wipe the unit and start from scratch. When I brought it to their attention, I was made to feel like I was trying a fast one, more so the condescending attitude was not helping either. They refused to accept it was used, because they "only sell new products". All over, I love the product, but the customer service was poor at best. You can't go wrong with the Playbook. You can get a better company from which to buy it.
tablet_blackberry|Do yourself a favor and pick up multiple tablets and try browsing with them to websites that you would go with your desktop. You will find that the Playbook really outshines the competition in an unreal way. It has tabs for browsing, so do a couple of others. It has flash, so do other tablets. But, what you will notice is that the Playbook actually works well like a fine crafted tool and becomes an extension of your desktop away from your desktop. I use gmail, and since there is no native email application for all mail, RIM provides hyperlink icons to gmail, hotmail and yahoo. On the gmail application, it works better than the desktop PC version. It has "swipe to refresh" gesture for immediately checking emails, and the Google calendar also works well.The UI is fluid. You have swiping gestures to move around the "home pages" instead of having to find and hit a special button. You swipe applications into place or out very much like Tom Cruise in Minority report, and it feels crafty. I actually am using this more and more, more so than my desktop PC but less than my cell phone.
tablet_blackberry|I bought the playbook for my husband and he is truly enjoying it. He is able to access the web without using a laptop. nice size, very portable. hoping for a docking system with speakers soon.
tablet_blackberry|can i just say i'm in love? typing this review with the playbook. i just really love it so much. i own a blackberry bold and the bridge and internet tethering is so convenient. i don't need a lot of game apps because i use this primarily for work and business. it has excel, doc and powerpoint to go which is enough for me. you can also download adobe reader for free for pdf docs. it's smooth, compact and sleek. as a loyal blackberry user, i love it too much. worth every penny.
tablet_blackberry|I am glad I waited to buy the blaybook.I can sinc up my blackberry to it easily. I am amazed how fast it uploads and downloads.The graphics are definitely a next generation in quality. The detail is so good that it almost looks 3D
tablet_blackberry|This tablet is great in everything it does. Have a lot of potential and can't ask for more. Perfect match for my BB
tablet_blackberry|This is a good tablet. I have no regrets in purchasing it. We do need BlackBerry to send the BB10 update. The current operating system is quite deficient in available apps.
tablet_blackberry|I bougth this tablet since I am a BB user, it works just great for my needs.I like android apps, that is the only part that I miss.
tablet_blackberry|There are lots of good things about this tablet: build quality is pretty good, nice stereo speakers, good display, the interface is very good and the bezel gestures are a nice addition.The bad things: no expandable storage, missing third-party apps.
tablet_blackberry|Compre mi tablet Playbook de 32G en Diciembre, y desde hace 1 semana la camara da el error 4003. Lei cantidades de comentarios y nada funcion&oacute;, hasta que se me ocurri&oacute; entrar a opciones-SO-apagar. Fue la unica manera de hacerla funcionar nuevamente. Ademas, se calienta demasiado y tal pareciera que se va a quemar. Les sugiero que vean otras opciones antes de comprar una Playbook.
tablet_blackberry|lo recomiendo 100% no tengo ninguna queja un producto muy bueno para ser tan economico sigan asi muchas gracias desde venezuela
tablet_blackberry|No issues about it, they are very concerned about the satisfaction from their clients, and their delivery time are one of the most fastest you ever find on amazon. The products that they offer are from the best quality, just as described on the web page.Very good work, excellent atention and complete satisfaction. I recommended it. Keep going . Congratulations.
tablet_blackberry|the product arrive on time as espected xx xxx xx xxx xx xx xx xxxx xx xxxx xxx xxx x
tablet_blackberry|Nice tablet but does not have capability to connect to hulu or netflix which ducks but beside that a very nice pur.
tablet_blackberry|Hello, thanks product is of very good quality, contains all the features, as presented in its publication, thank you very much for its quality of service, continue to work with great responsibility.
tablet_blackberry|Got Blackberry PB for my sis' birthday... she loved it... she goes on the web to chat on facebook, view youtube videos, and web surfing so this tablet works wonderful for those activities... the camera specs on the Playbook are also nice... overall, i'd recommend this tablet to anyone who wants a very affordable tablet with nice specs... however, the Blackberry lacks severely in apps available... for that reason i gave the Blackberry PB 4 stars instead of 5.
tablet_blackberry|bought this as a birthday gift for my niece and it was perfect! Just what we expected and more. She absolutely loved it!
tablet_blackberry|Great tablet for this price. If you have a BB phone you will fall in love with it. You can connect between them and surf in internet. Great purchase!!!
tablet_blackberry|It is decent. The tablet needs better apps. Overall, I love it. Memory space could be used for music, and movies.
tablet_blackberry|I am a big fan of Blackberry and this product just backs up my feelings. My little girls who are 3 and 5 love playing on it.
tablet_blackberry|This is lovely and so portable at hand... I like everything about it and so easy to use.. Its great for the amount and its just like you using the BlackBerry phone...
tablet_blackberry|it was great until it stopped taking a charge and powered down. now it wont power up for anything. very disappointed.
tablet_blackberry|Its great product the bad is that u mostly pay for the apps and it takes for ever to load on start up and the button have to bePressed hard to work.
tablet_blackberry|Excelente producto gente muy seria lo recomiendo, llego en el tiempo indicado.Excelente producto gente muy seria lo recomiendo, llego en el tiempo indicado.
tablet_blackberry|Lots of free books of diff genres. Good apps. Bluetooth. Great office apps with word ppt and excel free. Good photoshop apps,.and good resolution dual cameras
tablet_blackberry|++Refurbished unit++:Some of these problems might not come brand new.Very happy with the purchase.Refurbished unit but still came with the retail packaging.If you want a gaming tablet that has a ton of good free games/apps,this tablet is not for you.Limited free games and apps.This is one of the biggest weakpoints for this Playbook.But if you are willing to pay for games then that is fine.I'll give this tablet a 4 star because it does the basics great.But gaming/apps(if you're not willing to pay),emailing,buying movies and songs are not the best.Pros:.Very fast and responsive screen..Speakers are really loud..1080phd videos can be played fast and fluidly with a great wifi connection..Feels really light..great design..1080phd recording(2 camera-front and back).Screen resolutions..Great for youtube and social networking sites-FBCons-.Limited app store(Good games are expensive-angry birds).No flash for cameras..batery life(3-4 hours on full use mode.).Very good screen but not put to full use because everything in app world is overpriced..Storage-(Doesn't really come with 16GB available.Right now i currently have a problem where the more files i delete the less space i get.It's crazy!So if you're about to dowload something youre not sure of don't do it.Fair warning.
tablet_blackberry|I really like this device - except for it's streaming capability. The apps work fine only when I try to watch shows online it constantly needs to buffer. I'm no tech person....
tablet_blackberry|Best tablet out there. With the new blackberry os coming soon, this will be the one to have. Buy three for what you'd pay for an ipad. Free upgrades for life. What more could you ask for?
tablet_blackberry|Awesome tablet. Easy to use, fast (once it starts up), good battery life, charges fast, great picture\sound quality, so on and so on! Cant beat the quality for the price.
tablet_blackberry|This BB PB tablet is the best valued tablet out there. There are so many things to like about this tablet from a hardware perspective, audio quality, cameras, speed, screen, HDMI, etc. that it is hard to pan it for that. Unfortunately this crowded field with Samsung and Apple going for the first position, it is hard for any tablet company to create a high valued masterpiece. If you want to pay $500 - $800 for a tablet, be my guest, and you will get all the marketing you want. But if you want a 'functional and high valued' device dollar for dollar, I believe you have found it. The hardware alone is worth $350, seriously, and the software is, well, improving....... There is really no software I am wanting, and believe me, I am demanding on that topic....But between Android and BB software, who needs 5 file managers and 4 drawing programs anyway to say this has a great application base....I am very happy with this device, and I can't think of anything it can't do for business or as a pleasure device!!!
tablet_blackberry|Estoy usando mi tableta, is a confortable device, is a mini pc, estoy encantado con esta tableta thanks blackberry solo necesita un poco m&aacute;s de aplicaciones. Publiquen mi revisi&oacute;n
tablet_blackberry|el producto y el servicio de transporte fueron muy eficientes, esta tablet esta a la altura de otras del mercado y que son la competencia, exclusividad en el manejo con tu telefono para sacar el maximo provecho.
tablet_blackberry|I'm enjoying the Playbook. It is the perfect compliment to my Blackberry phone. My only complaint is with the power button: It take several try's to turn it on.
tablet_blackberry|I order a Blackberry Playbook 7-inch Tablet for my husband and he loved it. The tablet was perfect in size, the graphics or screen are HD, and is a great item for my money. I love that we can download movies and they are very crystal clear to watch on the screen. I recommend this item and seller to everyone. The item was delivered promtely and in great condition.
tablet_blackberry|I bought a 16gb Playbook and let me tell you I love it, the browser is really cool, the OS too, ok maybe need email and contact, but it will come in the OS2.0, people could say that the playbook is small and that it freeze but let me tell you something, mines doesnt freeze that much and we must remember is not a pc it is a tablet, way different, and about the size is awesome because it is no so big and it is really cool because you can put it in you bag without that much space so I would really recommend anyone to buy this devise
tablet_blackberry|I just got my Playbook and am in love with it. The picture is beautiful and the screen is very responsive. I agree with all of the favorable reviews from owners & have no idea why so many have panned it. I love the 7 inch size-it will fit better in a purse that is already crowded with baby & toddler gear! I will admit that the BB app world does leave a lot to be desired but I didn't buy the tablet for gaming/entertainment. My selling point was the micro usb slot that can be hooked up to a projector. The only reason I gave 4 stars is because the power button does take a little getting used to (in no way is it a deal breaker, though) & the currently available apps. Hopefully the addition of the Android marketplace won't be much longer....regardless I'm hooked. Thanks to everyone else who took the time to write a review because it helped me with my purchase & I don't regret it; hope this review helps you.
tablet_blackberry|I think that all Blackberry Smarphone's users must get a Blackberry Playbook.Is really easy to connect with the phone through Blackberry Bridge, and you can manage all documents, mails, phonebook, BBM with an usefull and powerfull interface.The flash support is great and turns the Tablet really fast to surf the web.A very important thing: You can use the actual 3G plan of your Blackberry smartphone, so don't need pay another account.I think the new OS that will be launched in february is only that Blakcberry Playbook need to be perfect !!!
tablet_blackberry|I've got the 64G. If your like me and and travel quite a bit and prefer your 1.5T/12G 27" desktop when your at home, use your employers eqipment at work and you only require a tablet for when you're on the go, you really can't go wrong with the Playbook, especially if you're already a current model Blackberry phone user.Pros:Build quality & reliability (I've had no issues). Genuine multi-tasking capabilities. No hassle wifi support. Super sound quality from the front speakers. Excellent browser: most web pages and all mobile versions load quickly & consistently. Battery range 10 hrs. plus as advertised, with about 2.5 hrs to full recharge. Approx 500 mb memory available with the browser open. Bluetooth. Ease of USB file interface with other machines. Nice screen resolution. Canadian company: Go Canada Go.Cons:No GPS without Bridge. Like all tablets, simply not enough memory to run many full bore web applications. Like all tablets, the camera is nothing to write home about: OK on a sunny day but don't forget your SLR under any other circumstances. If you're into apps, this would be the Playbook's weak point vs. the competition, but all that is supposed to change with the Google/Android deal in Feb/12.Overall I'm pretty happy with my little Playbook. It's just a lot of fun to fool around with.
tablet_blackberry|At first I had some difficulties with the ID-agreement, a problem, that obviously a lot of people have. Well I figured it out-I had to make sure that it is connected to "hotspot". After that, it worked great, great size and weight, it fits in my purse and has everything I need. So all in all it works good, although it took me a long time to figure the problem out, what made me a little bit disappointed in blackberry's service.
tablet_blackberry|Nice Tablet, Fast Delivery. Limited apps and video chat keeps this pad from rising to the top. Powerful performance but needs to catch up with the rest of the world and develope the apps people want.
tablet_blackberry|Good'm from Costa Rica and I wonder if this tablet already has the latest version of the operating system and if mutilenguaje, including Spanish, as well, if it has bluetooth, and I'm very interested in buying the tablet.I appreciate all the help and information that I can provide.
tablet_blackberry|I really love the device. It is slick and fast - a real joy to use. Some of the Android app don't work at 100% but that might be expected.Really hope the will update the platform to BB 10 -when it comes out
tablet_blackberry|Todo muy bien. Me gusto... Fue lo que pedi... llego a tiempo... Excelente, recomendando 100%...Saludos desde Valencia - Venezuela...
tablet_blackberry|I purchased this playbook for my hubby as a gift. I had the opportunity to examine before him and I liked it so much, he purchased me one. We have bb cell phones. Overall we are enjoying the product.
tablet_blackberry|I highly recommend this seller even though I decided to return the Playbook for lack of a good fit for my needs. I would still deal with this seller in the future and I highly recommend them based on their prompt delivery and understanding with returns.
tablet_blackberry|We were able to receive two pieces of the playbook as promised within the delivery period. The product was brand new complete with boxes and instruction manual, wire and everything else. Overall, very good service.
tablet_blackberry|Note: During the last 14 days, RIM/Blackberry announced that it was discontinuing the 16 gigabyte model (limiting sales to existing stock), but not abandoning the 32 and 64 gigabyte models. My expectation is that any important OS updates RIM provides for the 32 and 64 gig models will also apply to the 16 gig models.Background: My use of the Playbook is primarily for business, so that perspective largely impacts my review.Value: Excellent value for the hardware and software that comes with the Playbook. That's why I don't mind tossing a few bucks for some apps, altho I'd prefer to pay more up front and not have to search for some essential apps, some of which have shortcomings.OS and Blackberry Support of the OS: Software/Installation Process Should Be BetterThe RIM websites devoted to the Playbook have some useful instructional videos, but these websites are also disorganized and unnecessarily confusing in areas.I'd prefer to have the option of updating the OS using the USB cable and the Blackberry software I can access from the RIM site(s).The on-board standard file manager that comes with the Playbook is very limited and doesn't show many files and folders on the Playbook. (I've been trying out some file manager apps from the Blackberry Appworld.) For limited file management, one can also change the Playbook's "Storage and Sharing" settings or use the the Blackberry Desktop software installed on a laptop/desktop in conjunction with a USB cable connected to Playbook.The Playbook has a .pdf reader installed, as well as Docs to Go, which includes mobile versions of MS Word, Excel, and Powerpoint. Trying to open versions of a document that I had created in the MS Word format as well as the .pdf format, the .pdf reader provided better readability, showing page numbers and a signature, whereas Docs to Go did not. Opening a PowerPoint file that contained audio, Docs to Go showed the slides but did not recreate the audio. Perhaps there are apps or other software I could procure to address this shortcomingThe Playbook allows me to tether via Bluetooth to a Nokia smartphone that connects to a Tmobile data service. This arrangement works very well, the connection remaining unbroken for 2-4 hours on occasion. However, certain apps, such as the Playbooks App World app won't work with this type of connection, but will work with a WiFi connection.Using the default video recording settings created files of about 4 gigs in size during an hour and a half of recording. Because I don't do much digital video recording, I can't validly compare the Playbook's capabilities in this area with similarly priced instruments.Recently, I bought the OEM Blackberry charging stand, which has been reviewed on the Amazon website. I will probably buy the OEM Blackberry bluetooth keyboard, which altho pricier than most of the alternatives, probably works considerably better with the Playbook, based on many reviews I have read.AFAIK, the Playbook doesn't come with a password manager. I paid 1.99 or 2.99 for the Vault, from Xlabz. This works fairly well. However, this software provides for offsite backing up, using DropBox. This is a step I don't want to take, because of my security concerns re: Dropbox. I'm hoping that a more comprehensive file manager will allow me to find one or more password manager files on the Playbook that I can use for onsite backing up of the password manager.As others have mentioned, the music player combined with the Playbook's speakers work well in light of the device's speaker size limitations.
tablet_blackberry|It's the better tablet in the market. Work very fine if you have a Blackberry Phone. I'm using it with a 9550 Storm
tablet_blackberry|I had a hard time at first getting the Playbook charged and ready to use. I emailed asking for advise and instruction, but received no response. I eventually figured out how to get passed the 'critical battery' message and start using it. It does not have to supportive applications I need to watch MLB games, which is why I bought it, not sure why. Kind of disappointed about that!As a reader and browser on the internet it's great. No MLB.TV is my biggest issue.
tablet_blackberry|I had this tablet for less than a month and it stopped working... Now won't turn on or take a charge. So dissapointing because I loved the tablet... Compact, beautiful screen, made very well and an amazing price for a 64G device... but it's a mystery to me as to what happened because I know that BlackBerry does not make inferior products.
tablet_blackberry|Loving every min of it and is Very handy. Pics are very clean the Office products works flawlessly and not to mention Need For Speed Game also able to watch movies with eases of not using Itunes.
tablet_blackberry|Well built, nothing flimsy, nothing delicate, like a well shaped stone. I love the design but the software leaves much to be desired. The software is capable and does most things other tablet operating systems do but it has a few annoying flaws but works good for the most part. It takes a long time to boot up or restart compared to Windows 8 tablets or inferior Apple ipads. Overall though a well built, we'll engineered, solid tablet.
tablet_blackberry|Light weight and powerfull, much easier to handle and carry than my laptop, great for work, wide selection of apps, games and cool stuff, too bad it does not comes with an USB port.
tablet_blackberry|This device is absolutely incredible. I bought mine while it was still on sale (64 GB at more than half off the price). The update does come out in February, which is something that everyone should be looking forward for. I bought this as an alternative to the Ipad because I needed something a little smaller that was still reliable and worked beautifully. It does not have 3G capabilities, which I have to be honest I could care less about because I am always in an area with a hotspot/you can turn your phone into a hotspot if you have a smartphone.I DO NOT HAVE A BLACKBERRY and you do NOT need one to have the playbook. Yes you can get a bridge between your phone and the playbook but all you need is a Blackberry ID, which is mainly necessary for the App world. (And until the update comes it's not much to brag about.)The reason I am giving this a 4 instead of a five, is because the playbook has an extremely fast processor. Like WICKED FAST. Open an internet page next to an ipad and you'll see the difference. The problem with this, is I get really caught up in the loading features that I open like a million tabs at once and then expect it to load the same, which I feel is not too much to ask for. Overall great product. Sleek, professional look, with beautiful cases to match.
tablet_blackberry|Very happy with the purchase of this tablet. The price was much better than many other tablets with full Blackberry support. Easy to use, picks up wifi options everywhere (allows me to choose it of course). Totally user friendly, portable and fun. Video looks incredible on this and even the sound speakers are pretty good. Happy with their choice of apps too...lots of free ones. I like this so much I am gonna buy a second one as a gift for my husband.
tablet_blackberry|producto que llego a tiempo y cumplio con las espectativas. funciona adecuadamente y llego sin detalle alguno, sin rayyas ni golpeaduras... exelentes.
tablet_blackberry|Works just perfectly. Great deal and no i-tunes to fight with. If all you want is e-mail, apps, cal, contact etc. Get this unit.
tablet_blackberry|The Blackberry Playbook Tablet has more to offer than any other tablet on the market. It is fast and the colors are very vibrant.
tablet_blackberry|i got 2 of them and planning to buy the 3rd one for my mom, an excelent multitask tablet, i love the HD cam and sound.
tablet_blackberry|Its a little slow on load up but all and all its a pretty good tablet. I just wish they made a larger version.
tablet_blackberry|I LOVE MY BLACKBERRY PLAYBOOK......IT DOES EVERYTHING I WANT IT TO DO!!!!!!!!!!! I AM HAPPY WITH IT I WILL BUY ANOTHER FOR MY FRIEND FOR HIS B'DAY
tablet_blackberry|Todo bien y perfecto con el vendedor... ;) Lo recomiendo 100 %, todo llego en perfectas condiciones seg&uacute;n lo prometido
tablet_blackberry|There's a need for flash to take picture at night and to video and chat at night. Please review this please and upgrade it.
tablet_blackberry|It was fast and what I wanted. However, we had trouble with the power cord insertion. Had to send it back for repair and haven't gotten it back. Not the power plug fault, the unit would not take the male plug in. If it is returned working properly, I will be happy!
tablet_blackberry|Es un excelente producto, lo recomiendo mucho y es exactamente como lo descrito por el vendedor, tambien el empaque fue adecuado y lleg&oacute; en buenas condiciones, sin da&ntilde;os ni problemas
tablet_blackberry|La tableta tiene un tama&ntilde;o muy c&oacute;modo y la velocidad para procesar es bastante buena. Se integra a la perfecci&oacute;n con mi tel&eacute;fono BlackBerry. La entrega fue muy r&aacute;pida.
tablet_blackberry|I love the product and still enjoying it. Please add a new feature on it like other Tablets like Samsung which you are able to use your sim not Bridging with your other Blackberry Device.
tablet_blackberry|These Play reviews read I have are terribly biased toward nexus 16 and Kindle fire HD! I payed $199.00 for a Blackberry Playbook 64GB yes I said 64GB! It should be rated as good or better than its competitors! Yes, it includes a charger as well ; you don't have to pay for it! I'm glad I didn't listen to the bad reviews Playbook received and went with my gut feeling after reading the specifications on all above! I 'm guessing playbook didn't line the pockets of the reviewers with money in order to get a top review! So much for the suppose_ably Professional folks who do biased reviews ! Folks buy a Playbook an you won't be disappointed! Come on; like can you use a couple of million apps as the pros suggest !
tablet_blackberry|This was ordered for a gift for a 10 year old girl. I already have one and love it and is the perfect gift to give.
tablet_blackberry|Great little tablet, that gets my email or the web over my cell if needed. Fast startup, decient apps, only one draw back Skype is not supported - I am more then 100% satisified!!!!!!!!!!!!!
tablet_blackberry|Great tablet but need some improvements in software for control hardware like bluetooth, gps and bridge, waiting for os 2.0 update!!!Shipping very fast and secure.
tablet_blackberry|i have had this playbook for about a week. originaly i bought this for my daughter as christmas gift. because she want a tablet supporting adobe flash which ipad2 we already had doesn't. i also preordered asus transformer prime which takes forever to receive. i haven't got it yet. After received playbook, my daughter doesn't like it because of the size of screen. so it becomes mine. it is a solid tablet for this price 199 from best buy. i definitely recommended it for the price. i had blackberry phone for years before i switched to android phone and now iphone4s. just like blackberry phone. its not as recreational as iphone or ipad, lack of apps. the platform is a little confusing sometimes. the touch screen is not as sensitive as ipad. there is no spelling check which can,t autocorrect typos. it is slow to restart. slow to flip views. the browser frozed a couple of times i had to restart the device. it bothers me some. but this device has some features i really like. i do like the size . i put it in the purse using my phone as hotspot so that i can access internet anywhere with reasonable size screen. again. its perfect size carrying inside purse. it also has micro usb and earphone port. i carry x-mini speaker with me a lot. when it plugs into playbook, sound quality is great. especially playbook can run multiple apps same time. great feature.bottom line is if in the same price range. ill choose ipad2 over playbook. if the discount price of playbook. it is definitely a great buy.
tablet_blackberry|I got the Playbook for my daughter for Christmas. We are not Blackberry users. The things she loves are the wifi of course. She has downloaded books, movies and games to it so that the next time we travel she can watch her own movies. The video is crystal clear. Takes great pictures and family videos. True about their apps store but she didn't seem to mine. If my kid is happy with it.... then so am I.
tablet_blackberry|This was a Christmas gift to my husband and overall he likes the product. The apps available for this are not what he had hoped. He wanted to use for organizing like calendar/work type stuff, web surfing, games. He mainly uses this for surfing the web and playing a few games with the kids. When comparing hardware of tabs, the playbook really does out do all other tabs out there including the ipad, it's the software that isn't up to par. There aren't as many apps available and there aren't as sophisticated apps.
tablet_blackberry|I have the second generation Kindle. I bought the Playbook with the idea to combine it's features and use it as my Kindle. Could someone advise me how to get the Kindle App, for the Playbook?
tablet_blackberry|I got this Blackberry tablet for $189 a few days before Black friday as a Christmas present to my son..his first tablet. It's a decent tablet but not worth the listed price of $499. The initial setup is pretty quick & easy. It's lack of Apps and Android is why I made it 4 stars. All the good games had to be paid, especially angry birds. Most of the free games were really bad, except for Need for Speed, Undercover, that was pretty much the only good game on there that was free. The sound is terriffic and the touchscreen is perfect, and the internet is really fast, it's a lot faster than my laptop. It is also VERY light and thin, you can fit this anywhere in your bag. When you turn it on it is kind of slow though. It's NOT at the same league as Asus Transformer or Ipad2 but only worth for sub-$200 tablet. We will see if RIM will ever come up with the promised updates for Android soon. It's not a productive tablet.
tablet_blackberry|I think everyone is hesitant to pay $500 for any tablet; however, $200-$300 for a tablet that can almost compare to the ipad is great! I feel most people are simple for the most part and the Playbook should satisfy most needs. Web browsing with youtube is what I use it for the most, along with its great portability. A $500 ipad would have been a waste, for me, because I would still use it mainly for web browsing only. And the flash abilities with the Playbook make it amazing for youtube and such...etc. As for the apps, you can find apps the generally fit your needs, although they may not be brand name. I just love the size as I can usually just watch stuff in bed until I doze off. However, I wish the battery life was a bit better. There is a basic version of Word, PowerPoint, and Excel that I find useful. An email client would be nice along with a personalized calendar and the android market...but don't expect it becuase I think RIM is about to tank....so just get this clearance tablet for the cheap price...its totally worth it.Overall, I am very pleased.
tablet_blackberry|I't is a great tablet, maybe the best if you see the hardware and basic software. The app's need to be improved. Not so much and not so develop. RIM said that they will compatible with android soon, really soon, it would solve the problemas with one touch!
tablet_blackberry|I am happy with this device which gives me the freedom to move in every direction. Lacks Arabic and other languages. All the programs I wont are available. There is no doubt the camera is excellent, and the screen provides me with a broader vision and high accuracy of any image I take. Good work Blackberry play book team.
tablet_blackberry|recieved this as a christmas gift last night and have enjoyed it and been slightly dissapointed only 2 times. works just as advertised and i absolutely love it overall. the one thing i am dissapointed with is right now the only way to video chat is with another playbook user. hopefully in the future they create an app to chat with anyone since i bought this to keep in touch with my family on deployments without the need for a laptop. still a great tablet and looking farward to seeing what RIM can do with this OS. would highly reccomend over an Ipad
tablet_blackberry|It works fine, but BB messenger has limitations like no way to make groups.The the Apps does work better in the phone than in the Playbook.All text entries have no spell check, the phone have.Maps and GPS have more functions in the phone than in the Playbook.I'm considering to change the Playbook for a Phone with touch screen.
tablet_blackberry|I purchased lenovo k1 (32G android tablet) and playbook about the same time. After 2 weeks use, I decided to return k1. I would say, in terms of display quality, touch, operation smoothness and stability, playbook is far better than k1. The specs do not tell the whole story in this case.Some specific points: I especially like that playbook has native support for word, powerpoint, excel, pdf and voice note. I am also pleasantly surprised with its nice sound. The 7-inch size is a plus and minus -- it is convenient for traveling, but feel a bit awkward for long-time browsing. My gripe is that apps (e.g. navigation, reader) are really limited. I hope this situation improves in future.
tablet_blackberry|Just received my playbook, love the size and portability. Enjoy surfing web using it rather than any smartphone due to its screen size. However I can't access to blackberry apps, it keeps saying that is unavailable in my country. Really need to purchase apps to make my playbook more useful to me. Please RIM,,, why restrict us for making purchase on apps? Or anyone please help. Really appreciated.UpdatedLove my playbook more and more, So get used to it till I even use the gesture on iPad to swipe :) is an excellent tablet... Grab it when is on sale, worth the price, it worths more than the sale price
tablet_blackberry|I have the Blackberry Tablet for 7 days now and I did alot of rearch on tablets and I love this tablet. Pro's size of unit - easy to take on the go, user friendly, HD video, battery life, e-mail with flash, HD camcorder and camera are great. Blackberry out did them selfs with this tablet buy it you will be very happy. Con's start buttom is small
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|This is my 3rd tablet since the kindle fire(didn't like the interface), the coby kyros MID 7012 (crap) and now the Blackberry playbook which in my oppinion is the best and exactly what I was looking for. Honestly, it's a bit over my head as I have a lot of tutorials to watch to figure some things out, but I love the touchscreen, the features, the responsiveness, and all of the things you can do with it. One complaint would have to be the selection of apps. Plus, I've never had to pay for Angry birds!!! why does it cost $4.99 on the PB??? Even the coby kyros had all of the angry birds for free. So anyways, I've downloaded as many free apps that interest me, as I am not a believer in paying for apps. Overall, I love my Playbook!
tablet_blackberry|I have a hard time rating this. As far as the hardware goes i would give it a 4 star. only 4 because the touch screen is not allways as responsive as compared to other tablets that i have used. out side of that its great. Speakers are mounted on the front where it makes sense to put them.The build quality is very good. Not some cheap plastic like so many out there. the back compares to the kindle fire. The screen is the absolute best i have seem. this is my 8'th tablet. it is by far the most vibrant & clear one yet. which is great because i bought it for watching movies on. The Wi-Fi is very good in this tablet. Most others get a weak signal where i use them mostly, but this tablet is 2 bars above all others. the signal never drops out with this one.Here is were i have to strip some starts off. you must install the PC software to sync & upload movies and what not to the device. The PC software is very poorly designed. I should have done my homework first about the apps, but i figured its Blackberry, so there should be plenty. BOY was i wrong!!! if you looking for apps, steer clear of this tablet. When i got mine here last week it came with the original firmware installed. after the first power up and going through the setup it said update needed. it wanted to download a 533MB file, i tried that 4 times and every time at the end it said update failed. after 3 hours worth of tech support calls they told me it was my wi-fi connection and that i need to go to a hot spot somewhere and try that. I figured that were blowing smoke at me. so i tried it, to my shock that actually worked. It now has the latest firmware and is not a bad tablet at all.I will say this, i am 45 years old and bought a ton of things like this. Blackberry support is by far the best i have ever dealt with by any company. There support people and help was the only reason i did not return it.If they had more apps, this would be my favorite tablet over all my others.
tablet_blackberry|I was really liking the playbook, with its smooth swiping of the screen (like silk) & usually sensitive touch responce. It seemed quick with every move, quite fun. Great pictures & video when taken in good lighting, but they took away "close up" and another option for picture taking when they started the OS updating.The down side and deal killer from day one was the battery drain. Sometimes I would leave it in standby mode for 10 hrs or more and have 2% drain. But then in standby mode for an hour or two and it would drain over 10%, and that was with NO wifi or ANY programs running, period! With light or moderate usage I was only getting 3 hours max, which of course ment "something just aint right here you-all". Also the wifi would turn on by itself. Tried the reload more than once but still showed the same bugginess along with other oddities.With relentless research of crackberry forums and any where else, no matter what I tweaked, it wouldn't change for the better. BlackBerry tech support tried but nothing we did resolved the issue, and so per their recomendation I needed to return it. Only had it for a couple weeks and enjoyed everything I did with it. Would really like to grab another playbook but don't want to go vendor to vendor hoping "this ones not a lemon, hurray!" but that's just plain silly and unnecessarry.I'm thinking there must be a disgruntle employee at the BlackBerry factory from all that I've read and researched. Sherlock Holmes might have concurred as well. For everyone else who got lucky with theirs, enjoy! "Ride it till the wheels fall off" as they say.
tablet_blackberry|My kids and my friend's kids are having a lot of fun with our Playbooks. Kids like the cameras and the games a lot. I used the Bridge app, browser, and even long-distance video chat. So far I think (after the price cuts), its a great value for money. It has top-notch hardware and the screen quality is awesome. The App World has a decent collection of apps at this point and its growing. A massive update (OS2) is coming in a couple of months or earlier, and that will add more apps.For browsing, I downloaded the free "Simple Browser" which works faster than the default one.
tablet_blackberry|I am a long time Blackberry fan and now . . . . I am a Playbook fan. OMG, I love it. It's everything iPad wishes it was. I use it for my in-home business, keep up with the news, entertainment, update my Facebook Fan page with pics for my business. I love the Blackberry Bridge which allows me to look at pics and files on my Blackberry Torch smartphone. Using the BB forums I learned that when I have a pic up on my Playbook I can press the -/+ buttons on the top, get a snapshot of the pic and it saves to my PB library. I can also use the "tethering" function and get internet connectivity through my smartphone! I can link up to my PC wirelessly with my PB and upload and download files never leaving my sofa or interrupting hubby while he's on the computer. I know that RIM has taken alot of abuse regarding apps, but they are making headway every day. I love my Blackberry Playbook.
tablet_blackberry|Should the February software upgrade address the NetFlix and External Storage issues I have, then I'm bumping this up to five stars. The device is fast, the display crisp, the sound full, the battery long lasting, and the size point perfect. It seems that the App Store is gaining traction with developers, because it is loaded with good quality software now. At two-bills this has been an outstanding purchase.Forgot to mention, linking it to my Blackberry phone was all of a three minute process. Once bridged my e-mails showed up on the playbook and MS Office documents opened perfectly.
tablet_blackberry|Plackbook is a great piece of hardware for portable entertainment -- web browsing, game playing and video watching. It is easier than Ipad2 to be carried around and its screen resolution is better than Ipad2's.At sale price, it fits well into my requirements and my budget.
tablet_blackberry|Pros:Great screenGreat processing speedFront and back cameraFlash supportNeed for speed gameWeb browser is goodpowerful batteryCons:No support for Android apps ( Hope to support the android apps in upcoming version 2.0 which is planned to roll out in March 2012 )This tablet hates google products and fact of matter is google apps are mostly used. No Gtalk, gmail, skype available for this tablet OS. Need to buy IM+ application which supports Gtalk, Yahoo Chat, Skype, MSN and many more. But IM+ is not as good as android chat apps.Video calling is possible to other blackberry users only.I gave 4 stars for its performance, speed and RIM's future commitment of supporting android apps.Definitely worth for $ 199. I bought this from shopblackberry.com
tablet_blackberry|I love it! it is the best desicion I've made! but I strongly recoment tha if anyone is buying one get a blackberry smart phone as well. I have one, for tha reason I'm able to get maximum enjoyment of my Playbook!
tablet_blackberry|This product has many exciting functions, is easy to be carried, and all these at a reasonable price. I recommend this tablet to be buyed instead any other.
tablet_blackberry|This is the exact tablet i was looking for, a perfect sized screen, connects to my phone and the web browsing capabilities are amazing, I'm using my playbook to write this review, my only complaints are minor software issues that can easily be fixed through updates.
tablet_blackberry|Amazon delivered as promised, product box had some scratches but the product is brand new and functional. always good to shop at amazon. i enjoy the blackberry playbook and i can't wait for the OS update which would make this deal during the sale (only 299USD!) even more satisfying!
tablet_blackberry|Easy to use, easy to carry. Excellent light replacement to a laptop. Very well built. Knocked because of few apps, but for browsing the web, movies, note taking and a Low, Low price, this is a no brainer.
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|wireless and bluettoth hardware stop working after 3 mths. flimsy usb port. thank god for the few games n apps i downloaded before all this went wrong else it would be totally useless.
tablet_blackberry|I have a Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.0, but she has a Blackberry Torch & wanted a Blackberry Playbook. This was the best priced (new) one that I could find ($210 for a 64GB version). She spent the next 3 days putzing with the unit. Her goal was to link it with the Torch so that she could use the Torch's data stream on the Playbook. She got this working. Also, reviews indicated that the USB port has a nasty habit of snapping off. She got the alternative power cord & also a dock (both from Amazon). Finally, a Blackberry case (also from Amazon). She is using the WI-FI & Bluetooth for communication & plans on avoiding the USB port.---The bottom line is that, if you have a Blackberry phone that can link to the Blackberry Playbook, then this might just be the right tablet for you. The only item of concern is the limited selection of apps in the RIM store. If it can run the apps that you need (or want) to use, then this is a good unit at a good price.---1 April -- Update: She was able to get the Kindle App loaded. All but one of her books works just fine. I suspect that the one that will not open may have some Kindle Active Content built into it.
tablet_blackberry|Worked fine for about 13 months, then died. Screen comes on but is blank, no response. Tried to do full reset but no joy. Stick with Apple products.
tablet_blackberry|It's a good portable device and you can easily carry it with the case given. It have a decent design and battery life. But have less supported apps.
tablet_blackberry|Have been looking at pads for over a year. Have played with my son's Ipad and my wife's Nexus 7 but always found short falls on each one, from OS to price to memory. Found the BB Playbook 32g on Amazon for $179.00 and went for it. I do not regret it. From the display to the operating system this pad is great. The multitasking alone should be enough to make you want to buy this. Not having to close my applications when I get a message notification is great. Did I mention speed, this pad is fast, no lagging, keyboard and touch screen are very responsive. Lack of apps is a concern but there are new ones every day, I use mine mostly for surfing the net, did I mention that this has the best browser, also for Facebook, emails, Tweeter, Youtube, the HD videos look fantastic. And don't forget security, I also use it for my online banking this has the most secure software. File, video and picture transfer between PC and Pad is a cinch, print to go works great, and wireless connection between the two through my wifi took less than a minute to set up. Dual cameras, stereo front facing speakers, built very well, HDMI out, and battery life are also a big plus. Happy I bough it.
tablet_blackberry|I enjoy the playbook. But it needs apps many more apps and a better operating system. I love the fact I can do excel and word programs on it. I like having something not DROID or Apple. Overall I'm satisfied but I hope they will get better apps and a software update to compete with the big two. It has good battery life.
tablet_blackberry|I bought this product because a friend told me it was the best tablet. I agree that it is a good device but I hate that I don't have access to all the Android apps. The free apps in blackberry world are so limited. I had to side load a few and that was a hassle for such a limited selection. I also loathe the Facebook app. It's so glitchy. In the end I feel like I wasted 200 dollars when I could've just bought an android and had access to everything. I'm seriously thinking of selling it.
tablet_blackberry|The blackberry playbook is an okay product.Cons:I found that it wasn't the best responsive tablet out there.It takes a bit more effort when pressing something on the screen for any response to be given back.The fact that there aren't apps for Skype or...a huge apps range on the whole is a HUGE bummer.The battery takes forever to charge and the tablet only holds the charge for a few hours.This product DID shock ,where the buttons are located, my sister on her hand by her elbows.It left her arm a bit red and tingling...I do not know why that happen.. just FYIThis tablet is a bit sturdy/heavy in design.It comes with word, excel and I think power point.The sound is AMAZING and so is video playback like on you tube.This tablet would be good for anyone who wouldn't care about the lacking appsand person who may use it more for business than pleasure.
tablet_blackberry|Best tablet so far. Don't get a cheaper one. Android processor for other brands of tablets have a lot more free apps stuff like angry birds. Don't care for the android still though. The Blackberry is setup the best, (my opinion of course), better than the Ipad. Very happy about it. Awesome battery life. Thanks Blackberry. Never cared for you before, until now. Just don't like the phones.
tablet_blackberry|Blakberry is on the rebound. BB 10 is coming out soon and these devices are workhorses for those of us int he rough hard working world. I use my PlayBook every day for everything. That and my BB are joined at the hip.
tablet_blackberry|It's pretty useless. Cant sync with my computer because the related software dosen't work...at all. It's not just me either. Cnet only gave it 2 stars and they were able to get it to open, unlike most users. Wont sync to my blackberry curve8330. No support for that phone. But it's a blackbery! Total apps for this product is less than 100. Cant play Netflix.Gave it 1 star for the beautiful display and 1 star for gmail support. Bad move. It's a reasonable E reader. Guess I'll use it for that.
tablet_blackberry|Excellent product is pretty good, I would like to know more about the devices store selling this because it shows the quality of these
tablet_blackberry|Good looking tablet a bit limited app store but for portability is great , the phone bridge is a smat way to use if you don't have wifi and you can use it like a video call to another blackberry tablet , I use it to make video calling to another country and is better then skype because in other countries Internet access is a little slow and Skype freeze a lot but this tablet not so much ,over all very good ,I recommend this tablet.
tablet_blackberry|My very first Tablet PC. I made a great investment. love my Playbook sleek and stylish, very convenient and portable. Thanks RIM.
tablet_blackberry|I am really satisfied with the delivery time and quality of this product even though it was classified as used.I can do business with this seller again.That aside the tablet is awesome. I am just disappointed that RIM has such a small amount of apps for this tablet and no dedicated Playbook App store.
tablet_blackberry|Am I missing something? I can't seem to locate the micro SD slot. This was a major factor in my purchase of this device. So I feel a little irritated.
tablet_blackberry|It is really cool and i bought it because i was tired about the ipod and ipad design and software but this really is awesome you will love it for sure (with os.2)
tablet_blackberry|The BB Playbook arrived very quickly and was in great condition. It may have been used but you sure couldn't tell. It came in the original box with all the manuals, cords and even a sleeve..thank you
tablet_blackberry|Compre el tablet como parte de mi regalos de cumpleanos, es excelente, sincronisa con mi smartphone sin problemas, y puedo llevarla a todos lados
tablet_blackberry|Being able to tether to my BB phone was the key to my decision to buy this tablet. Consider it a free tablet after a couple of months. I have unlimited data on my phone plan and being able to access the internet without additional charges pays for the Playbook after only a couple of months. I have seen instances of data being slowed, but only in high use areas. I only have 3G so I consider this pretty good. I'm not a big app user. I have seen some apps written for the ipad or android that I want. I'm often put off that more android apps haven't yet migrated to the playbook or that android apps do not load transparently to the Playbook. BB does a great job insuring security, but they need to speed up the app approval process. The only area that has frustrated me in using the internet is that some, not all, drop down menus do not work on the playbook. Hopefully, this will be resolved soon. The above reasons are the only items that keep me from giving it five stars. Movies are easily downloaded from my pc and I find the screen size decent for watching while flying. The images are excellent. The camera works great, but a way to mount the Playbook while recording video would be a very nice upgrade or accessory.
tablet_blackberry|Get product that comes with everything you need to get started. Operating system is amazing, fast, and very easy to understand and work with. Blackberry has put out another must have Blackberry product. Well done!
tablet_blackberry|I purchased a Blackberry Playbook 64GB on the 3oth of March from Office Depot.The reason I chose this one was it was the last one in stock locally y, It may have a bit more storage than I need, but then again perhaps not.Initial setup and downloading of the software update was simple and flawless. Make sure you are where ther is good wi-fi and that the battery is fully charged since the download and installation does take 30-40 minutes.I had initially bought a Kindle Fire, And hadn't purchased a Playbook due to the lack of a Kindle App. However I found that goodereader.com Had an excellent install program for the kindle app for android ported to the Playbook. So now I can be reading a text in KIndle, working on a mind map, andworking on Docs to Go all at the same time.Many folks have said the Blackberry App store doesn't have enough apps. I didn't find this to be true at all. But perhaps I just value quality above quantity. I'm also not a gamer so I can not be a judge of game availability at all.Overall the Playbook works flawlessly. Allows actual multitasking. Has an incredibly sharp screen. And the Form factor blows the socks off the ipad.
tablet_blackberry|I ended up buying the 16 gb playbook when it went down to $199. I'm happy with my purchase. The web browsing is fast, the picture quality is great, and with the OS 2 upgrade I love the e-mail and calendar feature. I'm not crazy about having tons of apps so the playbook is perfect for me. I transferred my itunes music from my computer to the playbook with no problems and I use Kobo app to read books. Overall I'm happy with the size and function of this tablet!
tablet_blackberry|This is my second Blackberry Playbook. I purchased the 16 GB version just after it was released last year. I use it so much that I found I needed to upgrade to the 64 GB version to allow for more video capture and pictures. Caution: Amazon Kindle does NOT have an app for the Playbook and the Cloud Reader (amazon) doesn't work on this. I finally had to get an account with KOBO because they have an app for the Playbook and it works well as a reader (although I have a lot of Kindle books, I am having to purchase KOBO books now :( ... come on Amazon.. make an app for the Playbook, you have one for every other tablet... GET ON IT!.
tablet_blackberry|I travel a lot because of my job. I just don't want to add another thing to carry in my hand-carry luggage that will make it heavier. This tablet is for internet web browsing only. I also uploaded a lot of games and ebooks to keep me entertained. The only trouble is that I have yet to be able to download any movies to play on it. I wish Amazon.com would allow it's videos to be played on this product.
tablet_blackberry|Very nice tablet with many options.Great value with fast browser. I love the way I can connect to my BB phone
tablet_blackberry|Goes beyond all my expectations. It has a gorgeous, crisp, perfect display, the sound is fantastic, and it's fast and responsive. Great, all in all.
tablet_blackberry|I've got an excellent service, it was shipped on time and delivered even faster than expected, in general a great decision, this table is powerfull, still lack of apps but they are increasing the number of options and RIM is working hard to have developers work on this system.Good things: Excellent price, great camera, video out of 1080p, fast, multitasking, can read web pages with flash and videos without problem, can connect to your blackberry phone and bridge the internet (that's so cool!!), GPS, etc...To improve: The turn on button is hard to use (it is too small), no Skype (yet, as of Feb 7, 2012).If you want to try a tablet to see if it will actually worth it (because you take your laptop everywhere, so it seems not to make sense to have a tablet) you need to have this one to discover all the fun and productivity!!!
tablet_blackberry|These tablets are supposed to be Android Compatible by Feb of this month... I won't quite hold my breath, but if those apps come out, I will be more than satisfied with this product. Especially since I got mine, 32GB used, like new, for the same price as a 16GB. Totally worth it. Beautiful screens, a lot of space, a good price, and they do about everything you would need a tablet to do.I love that it's small.
tablet_blackberry|Muy buena la playbook, el &uacute;nico problema es Configurarla el resto funciona ala perfecci&oacute;n sin ninguna duda es &uacute;til para estudiantes universitarios
tablet_blackberry|I love the product but was disapointed with the screen. The pixels were already blown when I received it. I returned it.
tablet_blackberry|This is an awesome tablet. I can do so many things with it. I received it within a few days after I order it. It was in excellent condition as describe. Brand new in box. Would recommend it to any one.
tablet_blackberry|I really like the playbook. I wish I could get android apps but aside from that it is a great tablet.
tablet_blackberry|Out the box it had some other info on it that hadnt been uninstalled... it freezes as blackberrys do and needs to be reset often.. I am anti iPad (or iAnything) but this may have finally changed my mind... SMH... so embarrassedIt does play great HD videos well!
tablet_blackberry|Excelente tableta, la mejor sin dudas en la relaci&oacute;n &#34;Precio - Calidad&#34;, esta diferencia a&uacute;n es mayor si tienes un tel&eacute;fono Blackberry. La funci&oacute;n &#34;Bridge&#34; est&aacute; excelente y la conexi&oacute;n a internet mediante el celular es muy &uacute;til en especial donde no hay wifi.La pantalla se ve excelente aunque a veces no responde del todo r&aacute;pido al &#34;clickeo&#34; t&aacute;ctil. Creo que en este punto la Ipad le saca bastante ventaja. En cuanto a las funcionalidades tiene varias aplicaciones que son &uacute;tiles. Mi mayor uso es internet, youtube y leer mails....para esto es EXCELENTE!!!.Incluso la ventaja mayor sobre el resto es la posibilidad de abrir y editar archivos en Office, que si tienes un Ipad debes invertir cerca de USD 200.VALE LA PENA!!!
tablet_blackberry|Bought this item for my daughter. Found it to be a bit heavy and had limited app available for it. I eventually sold it a few weeks later.
tablet_blackberry|I purchase this item for my son as a Christmas present and of course in come in perfect timing. He is using the item and love it. I need not say more. Love the product and the delivery time. Thank You.
tablet_blackberry|It works and it works well. It does not cost an arm and a leg either. If you want a tablet that is easy to use and powerful get a Playbook.
tablet_blackberry|My husband purchased this tablet and he absolutely loves it! We had shipping expedited because we were going on vacation the next week and it arrived the day before we left. He was so happy to be able to have a week to learn how to use it while we were off work. Thank you for your excellent service!
tablet_blackberry|***UPDATE***I could not in good conscience leave my review as it was. It was bad enough that to acquire and use the most basic and universally popular apps, I had to spend hours standing on my head, tweaking my PC, and researching Java info (I am NOT a techie) to put it all together; it was worse when the only market for buying and viewing movies and shows was the ridiculous Roxio market and its antiquated, user-hostile site.But when, less than 5 months after purchase, my Playbook went the way of countless others, refusing to take a charge and eventually dying for the last time, I had it. I can't even it sell for someone else to use for spare parts, etc., since I can't power it on to remove all my personal info.I tried so hard to support Blackberry, defending them to every mocking clerk at Best Buy or Radio Shack who saw my Torch 9810, jumping through the above referenced hoops to make it remotely useful to me, and my patience is rewarded with a $180 paperweight. It is inexcusable that with so many users having this issue RIM did not support the problem in a proactive way.My 7" Samsung Galaxy 2.0 and I are just fine together, thank you.P.S. Shortly after its first anniversary, my Torch began to have issues with locking up constantly, requiring battery removal to resolve. The day after it locked up four times in one morning when I was only reviewing my pictures, I became the happy owner of a Galaxy S3. I hope the new platform and devices work out better for Blackberry, but for now, I am done.---------------------------------... because 4 stars is a mite generous, but 3 too harsh in my opinion.Have had this for five days now and used it extensively. Blackberry did a lot of things right with this, as compared to other 7" tablets out there. I should explain that I bought the Playbook as a replacement for my Kindle Fire for several reasons. (And yes, I do recognize that Amazon never officially marketed the Fire as a "tablet".)1) I LOVE my Blackberry phone and based on its quality and intuitiveness, had some faith ahead of time in the Playbook's craftsmanship and usefulness.2) The Kindle Fire's limited device memory makes me crazy, and don't tell me about Cloud storage. That is of greatly diminished value without 3G service. No, Amazon could not have afforded to offer this for free with the Fire, but they could have made it an option which I would gladly have paid for, much as I do on my iPad. In any event, the Playbook I selected (32GB) offers quadruple the device memory as the Kindle for only 25% more money.3) No camera on the Fire; front and rear-facing on the Playbook. You DO need good lighting for a decent shot, however. My phone takes a much better picture and compensates with a flash for darker scenes.4) The Blackberry Bridge option which synced in a wink all the data on my Torch 9810, and the option to tether the tablet to my phone for 3G service (yes, at an additional charge.)So far I have decided the Fire is going up on eBay, but the jury is still out on whether or not I'll return the Playbook.PROS-Much larger memory than the Fire-Terrific graphics-Icons laid out on desktop in the usual manner. Sorry, I find the Fire's carousel approach silly and unwieldy, and have the impression it was used for the sole purpose of doing something different (whether it was a better idea or not.)-Menus and page minimization super easy to manipulate.-File manager from which I can access .pdfs, pictures, music, etc. Nice to have it centralized and files of all types neatly listed.-True stereo output, with speakers on BOTH sides (unlike the Fire). Sound quality is impressive.-Option for use with a separate keyboard, though RIM severely underproduced the most reliable keyboard out there. Cheaper versions seem to have mixed reviews. Regardless, a reliable external keyboard could effectively turn the Playbook into a respectable netbook IMO.-Reasonably priced-USB cable makes loading music, documents, etc. from both my office PC and home iMac a breeze.CONS (and why it might go back)-NO KINDLE APP!! Seriously?? For the first time, Amazon has managed to majorly disappoint me. The company shot off its mouth over a year ago that one would be available for the Playbook, but no. Interesting how the tune changed after the Fire came out, and all indications are that they have no interest in doing so now. Earlier Playbook users were able to sideload various Android apps including Kindle, but it appears RIM has since made it impossible to do this with the newer OS. Can I read my large Kindle library via the Playbook's browser/Cloud reader? Yes. But it is slow, and again dependent on wi-fi.-No Skype app. Video chat is an option, but not via Skype, the best known and used app/program out there for the purpose.-No Netflix app.-Come to think of it... WHY are there so few apps? Adding my voice to the huge chorus regarding this limitation, but what I find especially ridiculous are all the apps available to my phone that are not for the Playbook. How dumb is that?-Shorter battery life than the Fire. Significantly.-Often slow to connect to wi-fi when I have switched locations, even when the new hotspot has already been saved. My phone, iPad, and Kindle Fire all seamlessly switch over, but so far, not the Playbook.In general, the Playbook has a lot going for it over and above the Fire. If it included a Kindle app, there would be no question of keeping it. I have looked at other 7" tablets, and found them lacking across the board at the Playbook's price point. The Galaxy offers more but obviously you pay for it. At that MSRP, I'd just as soon sit tight and wait for Apple's (rumored) smaller iPad in the works.
tablet_blackberry|Cheesy title, I know, but it sums this item up pretty well, I think. This tablet is tough, yet looks very sleek, and the hardware + OS = real-time power!! Needs a Netflix app soon!!! BB bridge is great, little slow for net, but tethering option is available and that is very fast. No extra contract fee either way so I'm happy with that. Perfect size as well at 7 inches, with a ten inch tablet I thought I may as well carry a small laptop.
tablet_blackberry|Purchased from Dave Parkers Fulfilled by Amazon. Blackberry Playbook arrived on time, brand new in box. The Playbook has a great look and feel, 3mp front facing camera 5mp rear, 1GHz dual-core processor with 1GB RAM. It can multi-task and has a user-friendly operating system. The Playbook is a great value at its current price point.
tablet_blackberry|The on button is incredibly useless. It's so difficult to press as it's sunk in, that it's almost easier to leave the playbook on.Of course if you're attempting to reboot, it's a necessity ... and a frustration.Within a few months the charger that came with the blackberry became totally useless as I assume somethingvery flimsy within the connection on the pad became loose. This was not from abuse, as I learned from theON button, you have to treat the machine with kid gloves. Just one day it decided NOT to charge, and thereappeared to be "play" within the playbook connection.I was able to order a "quick charger": for around 30.00 from Amazon that utilized some type of magneticsto charge by placing it in a cradle.I honestly enjoyed using the playbook for as long as it lasted. 1yr 3mths, then it just decided it didn't wantto turn on anymore. Given the price to exam as well as service the machine, it would be cheaper for me to replaceit.It does have drawbacks in that it lacks apps. I always felt Blackberry produced excellent products as I have always beenhappy with their phones.If they would just fix the small kinks in their playbook, they could certainly give iPad a run for their money.I'm beyond gobsmacked that they don't go the extra mile in making the Playbook a bit better quality...
tablet_blackberry|This suppose to be my second playbook from Blackberry that I was buying for my mom, because I love mine. It came with the start button pressed and it was very difficult to turn it on. When it was on, only a flashing light came out and nothing happened. I had to return it.Although it took a little bit of time, my money was returned.
tablet_blackberry|It is not what I thought it would be, alot of apps that can't be downloaded. Nothing worth wasting your money on.
tablet_blackberry|My father had a Blackberry playbook. The device had a full battery charge and he left it overnight on a shelf. The charger was not attached. When he woke up the next day the device was completely dead. He called Blackberry and they said to send it in for diagnosis. He sent the device off and got a call a few days later saying that he had attached the charger incorrectly and had broken it. The tech also said this invalidated the warranty. My father argued that he had done no such thing, and wanted to speak to a manager. The manager came on the line and said that he had not broken the charger but he had over charged the battery and killed it. This is GARBAGE. They were just trying to get out of replacing a device that was less than a month old. They sent back the device, still broken.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT. THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS HORRIBLE.
tablet_blackberry|I need the guarantee of blackberry tablet as I do, please inform me where you communicate. thanks, need not be as warranty and return
tablet_blackberry|WHAT ELSE CAN I SAY - DEAD ON ARRIVAL - WOULD NOT EVEN LOAD THE SERVICE AGREEMENT - WISH IT HAD WORKED , BUT IT DID NOT
tablet_blackberry|Exactly what I was looking for; the packaging was very good and working perfectly; I would recommend to my friends
tablet_blackberry|The item was at a perfect condition. works great with no defects or scratches on it! I love it. thanks!
tablet_blackberry|I bought my Playbook about a month ago. I'm really disappointed with the fact that it can't interface to my computer to download contacts, calander and tasks (business type applications). It plays games fairly well and I'm still learning about some of the other applications it does, but thinking that I'd be able to use it for work (which I thought Blackberry was oriented for), i can't. I've heard rumor that it will eventually do these things, but I don't understand why Blackberry didn't do it right the first time. I'm thinking about selling it on e-bay and getting something else that I can use for work. Here's a scenerio for you.... I travel a lot. Without the ability to transfer and maintain contacts in the playbook from my Outlook account, preparing emails on the airplane is OK as long as you know the individuals email address. Tasks can be created using the playbook, but they won't transfer to outlook. I surely don't want to keep two task lists and two sets of contacts. I have a hard enough time keeping up with one!Good luck!
tablet_blackberry|I bought this item for my nephew (14yrs) and he says he loves it.. The price was cheaper than a computer and it was perfect for what he would be using it for. The timing of shipment was very quick. I had no issues and will possibly be buying another one in a few months.
tablet_blackberry|I guess this tablet is great if you have a Blackberry phone, and want to use the tablet as an accessory, but I bought it thinking I could play games at my favorite sites: gsn.com, iwon.com and pogo.com. It turns out they are all unusable on this tablet. And it opens 2 or 3 windows max, at one time. I thought this was a cheaper, smaller version of a netbook, but I was, regrettably, wrong. Would've spent an extra $75-$100 and bought a cheap netbook, if I'd known the many limitations of this Playbook.
tablet_blackberry|To start off I got the Nook tablet before this and I returned it as soon as I got it. It had an overall cheap feel to it and the operating system was terrible. There were almost no apps for it and your home screen was limited to a bookshelf. I guess that it was a good ebook reader and that is about it. I wanted a real tablet so I ordered the Playbook. The first thing that I noticed about the Playbook was the quality. The screen is as nice as they come and the whole device is made from the best materials. You cannot even compare the quality of this to the Nook. The operating system is great on this as well. There are not as many apps as Android but you will find what you are looking for. It is really good for running multiple apps at once and it is really fast; apps load and open quickly. It is also nice that it has dual cameras and a gps, something that the Nook didn't have. Another nice feature is the HDMI port which allows you to easily connect the Playbook to a HDTV, definitely a useful feature. Overall I couldn't be happier with this tablet and it is an incredible deal for the money! You cannot go wrong with the Playbook!
tablet_blackberry|With the new software release on February 21, 2012 this tablet is awesome. Want native e-mail? Included. Want to read and create Word and Excel documents? Included. Want the best web browser of any tablet? Included. Want a mouse and keyboard? If you have a Blackberry phone, it can now function as a mouse and keypad giving you more precise control than any other tablet. I bought this thing because I have a Blackberry phone and it was only $199.99. The 7" size is superb saving weight and space--holding this lightweight device is easy even for extended periods. I cannot imagine why anyone would want a larger screen--this one is incredibly readable. I've been using the device for at least a month and rather than reaching for my laptop, I use the Playbook instead. I'd tried all the other tablets (including iPad) over the past few months and was uninspired by all. Obviously when the Playbook is selling at a $200 price point it's being sold for far less than manufacturing cost--Blackberry is trying to clear the warehouse of reportedly millions of unsold devices--better buy yours before they're gone or the price increases. I simply can see no reason to buy an iPad even if it were the same price. Buy the Playbook and don't look back!
tablet_blackberry|Folks, the Playbook is fantastic from top to bottom but, if you have no APPS. its basically a very cool MP3 Player. If RIM was able to get more APPS this thing would smoke the IPAD. YOU CANNOT GET NETFLIX, YOU CANNOT ORDER FROM AMAZON. Again great Tab. but, you may not want to make the same mistake and use your toy to the fullest with better APP selection.
tablet_blackberry|Definitivamente es una tablet para usuarios de telefonos blackberry la integracion conel correo los contactos yel calendario hacen que sea perfecta para uso profesional, adicionalmente la calidad de las dos camaras es muy buena y la pantalla es excepcionalmente clara y se adapta de muy buena manera a las condiciones de iluminacion.las cuatro estrellas son por la frustracion al configurar la coneccion wi-fi de mi hogar, tarde dos dias en identificar el problema por el que la navegacion era deficiente. una vez configurada manualmente debo reconocer que la navegacion es espectacular.
tablet_blackberry|I bought the Playbook because of the price and the Blackberry name. It is a bit over-rated I think. I certainly hope that Blackberry steps up in the next software update with some better functionality. First of all if you're just going to be on the Internet and downloading games, it's a great device. BE WARNED, however, unless you have a blackberry smartphone, there is NO calendar for the device and no apps to download. I unfortunately do not have a blackberry phone, so right now it's pretty much useless for me as a work tool. It's a great size and works well, I'm not an Ipad fan, but right now, it's a nice game player.
tablet_blackberry|I am going to go ahead and leave part of my first review. I finally did get help from Blackberry for something so basic that all they had to do was include a set of what do you have to do first instructions in the box. I do not like that you have to have wifi access from the get-go just to get the Playbook started. That is nonsense. Since I can't use my desktop with Internet (I have a virus that is giving me blue screens), I had to use my 13" Macbook Pro and figure out where I put the adapter for the Netgear WNR2000 that I hadn't used in a year. When I got that done, then the Playbook downloaded the software it needed. I still think it is a very cumbersome system of all the things that Blackberry wants the consumer to do before the thing can be used . . .Having said all that, I still didn't take off a star this time because I LOVE THIS MACHINE. I wish I could give one to everyone in my family. If I'd known that Best Buy was going to sell the 32GB model for only $249, I would give this 16GB away and buy that one. I keep finding out new things about what it can do every day. I had already grown tired of my Ipod Touch 4G (which I only use for the music) that has a screen and keyboard too tiny for any meaningful web surfing. The iPad has the problem of being too big to be portable. From what I have heard that is why this Christmas season consumers are gravitating to the 7" tablets, and I can sure see why. My favorite use of the Playbook is web surfing. I love the user interface, it just makes sense. Of course you cannot rave enough about the screen. I am now going to invest in an Otterbox Defender case. Did i mention yet how much i am in LOVE with this machine?Thanks for the comments to my first review.First review: I really wanted to like this tablet. Its features, its screen, the ways you swipe--all very cool. But I couldn't even do any of that because I couldn't complete the set up. Couldn't do it at a public wifi (tried twice). Couldn't do it with my Mac's Airport. Tried to connect to an ad hoc network on my PC, until I learned that Blackberry set it up not to connect to an adhoc network. Blackberry has also set it up so that you can't use the Playbook until you establish a wifi connection and go thru the set up process. I tried to do this for over three weeks, I searched all over the Web for help with this problem and nothing worked. So I have never had the opportunity to experience this tablet. Even if I can eventually get thru the set up, I can't go thru having wifi issues every time I want to use the PB. So it is with much regret that I am taking it back to the store. On the other hand, a manufacturer shouldn't make it so difficult for a consumer to enjoy their product.
tablet_blackberry|The tablet is excellent. never had an issue with the software, hardware is sturdy, it's fast and it's the perfect size for business use. Everyone in our company uses it for our own purposes. I just wish they had more apps for blackberry... I'm still waiting...
tablet_blackberry|I'm still learning a lot about my playbook trying to get netflix to work on it, also trying to connect it to my library so I can download free books to read, other than that it's great. I'm not a genius when it comes to new technology, but I had no problem getting my playbook to do all that it does for me. It's a great deal for those that don't want to invest in an IPAD.
tablet_blackberry|This is a really great tablet. I love my Blackberry Playbook. I have had it about 4 weeks and it is tremendous. It does a great job with a lot of aps open at once. It is very intuitive and very easy to operate. I actually like the size compared to the Ipad. It is smaller but fits in my bag a lot easier. The video quality is superb. The only issues that I have with it is there are not that many aps in Blackberry World but hopefully that will change over time. I also would like for me able to download my BlackBerry email onto my Playbook without having it tethered. I like this tablet. I hope it survives in the marketplace because it deserves to do so based on the quality of it.
tablet_blackberry|Once you get passed some of the minor faults with it, it is a very worthwhile device. Luckily I got mine when they where $200, and it is absolutely the best value at $200.
tablet_blackberry|I am not too technical but researched prior to purchasing the Playbook as my early Xmas gift. I currently have a Bold 9780. I am going to list what i love about it. Size is perfect for portability. just nice for reading, web browsing and reading. Great display. Lots of people have commented on the gorgeous display. Great sounds. Easy to use, love the sweeping features. Screen is responsive to touch (and i am not a big fan of touchscreens). Bridge features have been a joy to use and works well for me. I like that my kids do not have access to my messages, BBMs, calendars etc. when they are using it. The web browser is FAST. Even bridge browsing is not too bad. Camera and video did fine in low lighting. Audio was great. I got my 64gb for $229 @ Best Buy but would have paid more for it. Have played with iPad and the tab for comparisons.12/23/11 Update: Angry Birds is now available for the Playbook. Also, to access your Kindle library, access it through Amazon cloud. [...]
tablet_blackberry|i ordered this playbook thursday night and got it monday december 7th... its pretty sick came unopened, 1 year warranty everything thanks!!!!!
tablet_blackberry|I love my playbook... it works great, its compact so i can take it everywhere with me, blackberry did a great job with this, the app world just needs to improve and it needs native email, contacts, memos etc and bbm and this will officially be the best tablet on the market
tablet_blackberry|very advance equipment, but amazon kindle has so many services that the tablet it self will not compensate, if apps are just the same as the rest, the bridge gives you some phone conectivity but that does not make it great.
tablet_blackberry|I liked it very much, but the technology is outdated. It does not do well with speed.I bought it because my wife wanted it....naturally it would be outdated.
tablet_blackberry|For the price, this is a good tablet. Kindle Fire is better in the long run and has more to offer to it! Both are great, but I would recommend the Kindle Fire over Blackberry Playbook.
tablet_blackberry|I currently use a BB for work and home, so lacking native email, contacts and cal was not an issue. I could see it as a big issue for a non BB user. When they finally get released, I think you have a perfect tablet. The lack of apps is an issue, but hopefully is the "promised" Android Player get's realized.However, the other great elements outweight the lack of apps and native basic programs. It's really the only tablet that brings the "FULL" web. I don't need to have to get apps to browse some sights like another tablet. The Bridge function is great. Sure the Browse could be faster, but there isn't a teether fee, so what's there is trade off. You can record in HD 1080. You get Documents to go for free. You can update out of the box. And you can actually multi task and not miss a step. I like the 7" size. If I wanted 10", I would get a Mac Air. I actually use the Playbook more ofen than my iMac.
tablet_blackberry|I ordered two 64gb Playbooks through RIM's site (free shipping, no tax, figured the mfg stands behind its products if any issues arise). My mistake. Should have ordered via Amazon.com since they set the standard on customer care. It would have cost a bit more, but I wouldn't have to waste my time writing this review.Again, I bought two Playbook's, both 64gb. One for me, the other for my wife since we're both BB 9900 and 9810 users and loyalists. One Playbook was defective right out of the box. It had a dead pixel, which by the way they said they couldn't do anything about because "it's within our acceptable range" for dead pixels. I couldn't believe my ears. It's like buying a new car with a crack on the windshield, and the dealership says "that's ok, because we set our standards so low, that this is actually a good thing".It didn't end there. The device would also freeze up and not allow me to turn it off. Then they refused to allow me to return both devices, even though the second device was still in the box, unopened. They said they need to attempt to repair it, and they couldn't repair the dead pixel. I have to live with that problem they said. That process would have taken at least 3 weeks. They also had the nerve to tell me to keep the unopened box device and use that one, and then they would take back the device with the problem. I was thinking, "seriously?", do they think I'm that desperate or stupid?I guarantee you, Apple or any Android device maker wouldn't conduct their QC or customer service that way.Finally, I pretty much had to keep calling until they sent me a new device. That device didn't come in the same packaging. So now, I have a supposed "new" 64gb Playbook, with the box of the old one, which obviously doesn't have the same SN. They called that the "advanced exchange". To their defense, they did overnight that with a prepaid FedEx label for the device I returned. But that's after putting a $699 retail price hold on my credit card. I paid $299 for my device, but they put a hold of $699 on my credit card. Figure that one out. Nice, right?I've been a BB user for almost 10 years now. I can't believe how quickly this company has gone from being the innovator in the space to the catastrophe of the space.If you're having trouble getting to customer support, try this number (877) 255.2377. You'll need a case number and from that point, they're pretty good about denying responsibility for their subpar products. It's a customer support nightmare.I'm now stuck with the two devices which I'm debating keeping. I really did like the bridge feature and being able to access the internet while mobile, without having to pay for a 3G or 4G service. But the lack of apps and so many other missing features, which the press has written about extensively makes it an unattractive device compared to what's available out there. Not to mention all the technical issues the device has.RIM's third party fulfillment company GlobalWare Solutions said they've escalated my request to return the devices to their committee and they will decide if they'll send me an RMA with a prepaid shipping label. Nice, huh? No one has called me yet. I'm in a big "BLACK"-BERRY hole. Their number is (866) 957-0761, and they referred me to their BB technical support at (877) 644-8410, which then referred me to the BB website. It's one clown short of a three-ring circus.Now you know why their stock price is where it is, and why customers are taking losses and getting rid of their devices, and to leave the mess this company has created for itself, and it's loyalists.Ridiculous if you ask me. Not to mention, very embarrassing.You're bound to see more and more negative comments about customer experiences with the Playbook that will crush any attempts RIM will make to keep itself above water. This thing is starting to unravel faster than they can do damage control.This product was not ready for launch, and they clearly rushed it due to pressure. Now, instead of standing behind its products and reputation, and making things right for unhappy customers, it's deflecting accountability and responsibility and leaving the customer high and dry.Nice going RIM.
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|Runs great everything about it is good,but needs more mainstream apps instagram viber and apps you can find on Google and apple
tablet_blackberry|Dear present. 5 months ago I placed my order, and yesterday was that I get my hands. I was so excited to have the dipositive in my hands, but after the upgrade done went out and did not want to turn over. I've uploaded for more than 12 hours and does not leave a red light flashing, I have pressed the Power button various times and does nothing. I have sent a damaged product. And that seems like a scam. I do not understand why they bother to make a sale with a damaged object.Show me what should I do now? when going to cost me a lot of money to return the device to Venezuela to the United States.
tablet_blackberry|I love it. Yes there really things I wanted to do on it I realize now I am not able to do. But that was my lack of homework on this item not the items fault. I do love it though. Kinda slow on videos on sites other then that it's great.
tablet_blackberry|Excellent quality! Very nice!The playbook small enough to fit in pocket of jacket but it's quite heavy.The screen is quite small and its resolution isn't outstanding so I would prefer iPad for internet. But playbook works with flash!There is no some software that I used to use. I need skype for example.The main reason for me was to play with QNX based OS and may be some program for it.
tablet_blackberry|Only issue was that the box was opened I can tell from the tape that &#34;kept&#34; it closed but besides that I love my playbook
tablet_blackberry|man forget about everything this tablet rock you can have your bbm integrated and everything on your playbook so forget about your bb with this
tablet_blackberry|Very nivel Thanks you Very mucho and received my products.....................................................................
tablet_blackberry|Just received my PlayBook today. Very happy with the seller's shipping turnaround time (3 days from Cali to Ohio!!!)I was worried by all the negative comments regarding the on/off button. I have zero complaints here. The button is small but on my device it was slightly raised and easily accessible.Blackberry account set up was a tad confusing. I had to Google why I was getting a server error until I learned that your password cannot exactly match the answer to your password question hint!!WTF? I just added two * after my password and that did the trick.Anyway, now an update is downloading which is taking longer than I anticipated.About the device. It is a tiny bit bigger than the Amazon Kindle Fire and not as thick. It feels solidly built and screen resolution is incredible. I recommend a screen protector as it is extremely fingerprint sensitive.Still downloading update so that is as far as I got at the moment.....stay tuned.
tablet_blackberry|Got the tablet in record time, which was very good. Shipper was very efficient in the packaging and getting the product home. I will most definitely order from them again. I am a very happy customer. Good job.
tablet_blackberry|Just like the other reviews said, this device works great and arrived fast. Writing this review on it as a matter of fact.
tablet_blackberry|Ok i am not going into long review here quick and to the point. I always been a fan of blackberry my first phone was a nokia by cingular (2001) then saw the blackberry and fell in love. I never question any of there products so when they had a playbook i was happy bought it on blind faith alone unlike Ipad i am not walking around on the steel mill sight with a clipboard. I dont need many apps the ones they have are perfect for me. In a nut shell I should apologize for waiting so long to get it all about personal prefence currently bridgeing a 8530
tablet_blackberry|Wow.This thing rocks! I am just happy as can be with the Playbook. Granted, it's not perfect and the apps are few right now. Quite baren almost...but it's got some help on the way as RIM is giving these out to Android developers willing to port their apps over to the Playbook.The Playbook has fast hardware, ample storage, and a great UI. The apps available on the Playbook are basic but elegant. I almost felt like I was using something with an Apple logo on it, everything is sharp and fast. The mutlitasking nature of the tabbed UI is just so inuitive it's literally a fine example of the work these guys do.I researched tablets for quite a while, thinking over such options as the Kindle Fire, Nook Color, Galaxy Tab, and Toshiba Thrive. After hashing over what was more preferable - screen size, hardware, and build quality - I narrowed it down to just the smaller units. Personally, anything over 7 inches doesn't feel like a real tablet. I liked the Nook and Kindle for that reason. Ultimately, I chose this because of the price. It's an incredible deal for what you're getting. No GPS though, which kinda foiled my plan of using it as a big GPS nav. But I do just about love it for everything else it offers.This is only the 2nd day owning this tablet but I'm very happy with the device and the experience is awesome. I'm coming from 2+ years of Android experience, 2 years Windows Mobile before that, and frankly speaking it's all more or less moving in the same direction. I have NO experience with BB but I do know about the company behind it (Research In Motion) and how they've lost headway to the other phone makers in the last few years. It would be sad to see them go given how they used to lead the pack before.Just waiting on Blackberry OS 2, even though I'm already hooked on what I've seen.
tablet_blackberry|Wow..... Just amazing. Thats all i could say. Has the power and performance beyond my expectations and the OS 2.0 upgrade brings out the true potential in the playbook. I highly recommend this for you , especially because it is both powerful... And affordable! It was so great when i got it I convinced my sister and hey boyfriend to buy one because their laptop got broken and they told me that we should have bought them earlier!!!!!
tablet_blackberry|I have the 32Gig version and was wanting it to pair with my Bold 9780. It pairs well and I'm able to tether it to my phone's internet. The screen is just big enough to see emails and small enough to put in my coat pocket. It has been even more enjoyable with the beta OS. One thing i wish it had was an SD card slot. 238 for 16gb seems expensive. At the local stores the 16gb is 199.00 32Gb is 249.00 64Gb is 299.00Alan
tablet_blackberry|Update #2: I have FINALLY been able to read a kindle book off line on this tablet although it's far from a great experience. I don't know if what I did made the difference, but .... with wifi on and connected I enabled pop-ups. Then I used the cloud reader link on the "app/link" page I'd created earlier, went to downloaded books (I'd "downloaded" four)and opened one and read some. Pages don't turn well but it's doable if not fun. Then I turned off the wireless but did NOT close the browser and was able to go back to it and continue reading. However, I found that if you close the browser app you're done for; poof, it's all gone when you reopen it and you have to enable/connect the wifi and start all over again to get back to your book. Oh, and Bing maps has finally more or less located me - twice and briefly - a few blocks from my actual location.Update: Upon further reflection I'm going to upgrade the rating to .... 3 stars, I think. It does a nice job with photos and videos (and music) and I don't expect something of this size to be much of a "work machine", just more of a fun "take along" as RugRat says, something in size between my iPhone (too small for much photo/video stuff) and my iPad (too big for a purse)and with somehow a sleeker feel and a little more easy versatility than my Kindle Fire. Yahoo (sbcglobal) and gmail access work, web browsing is fine. BUT - the location service still doesn't work, Blackberry tech support gets NEGATIVE stars, and the biggest problem - a deal-breaker really - is that I can't read my Kindle books without internet access. I'm not going to carry around TWO 7" tablets, and in the war of Books vs Videos Books win hands down.Original Review: I've had this for two days and so far I like the look and feel but not much else. I've done two hard resets and made three calls to tech support who were if possible worse than useless. On the first call I got a live person, I asked a question, was put on hold and disconnected after 6 minutes. The second call disconnected AT the transfer, and on the third call I got a human again who mostly said things like "yeah, maybe" and "I don't know" and couldn't even explain or walk me through some of the basic steps I'd already done. So far Bing Maps cannot "locate" me - at all - even though the other GPS-less but wifi devices next to it can. Granted they are sometimes a few blocks off, but the Playbook just says "unable to locate - please try later" (I think trying repeatedly over two days is enough). And, try as I might, I've been unable to read - or even find - my supposedly "downloaded to the device" Kindle books while offline despite hours of searching and trying possible online "solutions " or work-arounds. They may have worked for some, but not on the unit I have. When I asked the Blackberry rep for help with this issue he clearly didn't have any idea and first had me go through a bunch of things I'd already done that didn't work. When I really pressed him on the subject - because if I can't figure out a way to do this I'm most likely returning it - he put me on hold for a few minutes and came back to say there was "no way I could read the Kindle books on the playbook."
tablet_blackberry|I recently bought this from the manufacturer on sale. I have been looking at various notebooks for a while but no way would I pay $600 (I got the 32 GB) for any of them. I really wanted it for travel so I would not need to take my laptop with me and didn't necessarily need to find a wi-fi hotspot on the road. I chose the playbook for a couple of reasons--1) I really like the size of it (about as big as a half-sheet of paper)very easily fits in my purse 2) I liked the idea that you could tether it to your Blackberry phone for data (the idea, of course, being that I didn't have to buy a separate data plan.) That second reason for buying it is why I am only giving it 3 stars--what they don't tell you (or, at least I never saw anywhere, is that you have to PAY EXTRA to tether it to your phone for data (or at least with ATT you do)--so much for not having to buy another plan!! I don't know yet how much as I haven't had to travel since getting it and have just been using it with wi-fi, I just thought I'd try it and that is how I discovered the need for an extended plan. This is fairly annoying to me!! Otherwise, I do like it, it does easily sync information (like notepad, etc) with the phone and if you're on a wi-fi network, connects and browses well on the internet. As other reviewers noted, it is a little short on apps but there are still quite a few--enough anyway to make me happy enough and my kids have had great fun playing on it. So anyway, even if I end up not paying extra to tether to my phone to it, I guess it can provide entertainment when we're traveling! Just thought a little heads up on the data plan would be nice.**update** haven't tried this yet but another reviewer recommended looking at crackberry.com/playbook-bridge to get around the tethering issue. I looked at it and think that will probably work for me. If it does I will likely be back to raise my rating to 4 or maybe even 5 stars. This really is a neat little item!**more update**well, I've tried several workarounds to this issue none of which worked for me. Probably who I should ding is ATT not the playbook but anyway this isn't going to work for right now the way I wanted it to so I'm not really happy either way. ATT customers, at least, need to be aware of this issue. (BTW $45/mo tethering plan w/ATT IN ADDITION TO (the way I understand it) your regular data plan. BS
tablet_blackberry|very portable, amazing video fast internet access. can't expect better for a tablet. i like apple (i have a macbook) and i love the blackberry playbook because of the internet acces thrue my curve.
tablet_blackberry|I was looking to get the most bang for my buck on this tablet. Unfortunately, it's only really good for surfing and email. I wanted a calendar to track all of my business customers. The app store is incredibly limited and I paid $4.99 for an app that, turns out, cant be synced with any other kind of desktop app and it's not very user friendly (groovy notes).Pros: It's a great size, easy to use, great price, relatively decent battery life.Cons: The apps are seriously lacking - even the game apps are significantly sub par to android and apple apps.In a nutshell: Don't buy if you're looking to download lots of fun apps or apps that syncronize with desktops apps.
tablet_blackberry|The Playbook could be a great device if it had the Android Apps like it was supposed to. Right now you can not access Netflix, Bank websites. I should have purchased the Kindle Fire.
tablet_blackberry|i got this 16gb for christmas and i love it. i am a blackberry user so pairing with the tablet was easy. the main reason i wanted it is so that i could get away from my laptop when i needed to do web research. and the web browsing experience is like on my laptop. its perfect for rediscovering web surfing, i used to hate clicking on the links people send me, i just get sick of sitting with a laptop, its not comfortable. kicking back on my couch writing this review is much more comfortable. i also trust blackberry security, thats why ive always used bb. in this day and age i need a secure device on day one.
tablet_blackberry|I knew what I was buying, in that I wanted a 7 inch tablet for the portability and therefore an ipad wasn't an option. The screen is vivid and the operating system is fast - internet connection is amazingly fast. The camera quality is good and the unit size makes it easy to take a good picture and to "thumb type" on. The most important thing is that the battery lasts all day and often more than a day. I had a Samsung smart phone and got rid of it because the screen sucked the juice out the battery in a couple of hours of internet use. I had to carry a spare battery around and often would forget it. For all you people who buy a cup of coffee in Starbucks and spend 4 hours on the web, you don't have to take your charger for your laptop or phone if you have a playbook.There are minor issues such as no netflix (although I will probably get Amazon Prime instead) or kindle which I hope are fixed in the software update. For now I have downloaded books from Kobo, but it would be nice to have Amazon kindle reader as an option.Other than that, I am not going to complain about lack of app.s as I wouldn't use 99.999% of them and having 500,000 seems to be overkill, confusing and probably a lot of duplication - do we really need 100+ weather app.s?At the current price I think this is better value than the Nook and Kindle Fire.P.S. I reduced the monthly data plan for my phone and saved about $40 per month because I use the playbook instead for most web access. I now have a lighter simpler phone that I use mainly for calls and texts so it keeps its charge for days. At this rate the playbook will pay for itself in 6 months.
tablet_blackberry|I did not get into to techno "race" until late 2010. I bought a smart phone when i thought that they had progressed to the point that they were legitemit web browsers. One rule I had was no iphone or blackberry. While shopping I look at the torch. Perfect size and did everything you wanted, later I found out that you could throw it against a brick wall and the phone was unphased (try that with an iphone.). Since I have discovered RIM products I am very impressed with they're quality. I came in late, therefore I did not have this iphone first mentality. I have used a ipad and thought it was very good piece of equipment. Having the experience with blackberry over the last year I was interested in the playbook because I am a small business owner. The more efficient the more money simple as that. 599 for a base model was steep. I had played with a playbook at the local best buy and thought it was very very interesting. So, going against the reveiws, I bought a pb when I saw a 300 dollar price tag. My big regret is not getting the 64 ( got the 32).The power button. What??? I don't know what else to say about that.Apps. Any app that I need THAT IS USEFULL is there! The apps for playbook are great quality as well. I don't need to have 500000 photo apps or play scrabble with my buddies will at work. So enough with that. put out quality apps that fulfill a need not just fill up your app center.My expectations have been exceeded with this devise. Once again a big part of it is the hardware. Rims equipment is stout. The playbook is best describe as smooth. It combines the convenience of a smart phone (big part of that is the 7in screen, 10in more bulky, i can put the playbook in my coat pocket) with the utility of a laptop. Wifi works great, browser works great, operating system works great. I use it for patient files, x-rays, forms, etc.... I can store and access them were ever i am with ease. Enough said good job blackberry even if your Canadian;)
tablet_blackberry|Excellent tablet. The UI is fast an easy to use. The browser works like any desktop browser, flash and all. The BlackBerry bridge is really cool. The size and form factor is perfect for watching movies. The software/OS has some kinks, but BlackBerry provides timely updates, so I expect it to improve.
tablet_blackberry|Nice product from blackberry.... User friendly & very handy!!!! Still have to explore more but the apps might be lesser..
tablet_blackberry|Full Disclosure: I received a complementary 16GB Playbook tablet from RIM for a test drive and was asked to give an honest review of it. I have been using it for about three months.The short: The Playbook is a capable device for what you need it for: Reading and consuming content. It has great form factor (7" screen) and a fun interface complete with secret gestures to switch between apps or to reveal menus. Unfortunately the device itself is only half the utility of owning a tablet: You need access to apps and content to make that experience useful and interesting. The Blackberry App World store has a long way to go (as of September 2011) to be adequately populated with useful apps. But if everything you want to read is online, then you'll be fine with the Playbook.What I liked about the device: I liked that the Playbook was compact in size (smaller than the iPad) and was ideal for reading webpages. You don't really need it to be any larger. The shape and weight feel nice in your hands -- it feels high quality. You'll probably hear about the gestures like side-swiping the bottom of the screen to switch apps, diagonal swiping from the top left to access settings, and side-swiping to switch tabs. I think Blackberry did a great job at creatively organizing their interface. It's fun to use because of that, but it can also be frustrating if you don't have the gestures down.I've heard that the integration with a Blackberry mobile device is pretty hot, but unfortunately, I don't use a Blackberry for mobile so I didn't get to experience the instantly synched emails and other features I saw in a demo.What else worked:-Battery life was ok (about 7-10 hours of use on a charge, full brightness)-Camera on front and back sidesWhat needs improvement:- More apps in the App World. A search for what I think are some very broad categories of apps you might want on a tablet were found lacking (note-taking apps, video messaging). I mostly relied on web apps such as Gmail, Twitter, and Google Reader.- Type ahead. I never realized how much I rely on auto-correct on my iPhone until I experienced the frustration of my own inaccurate typing on the Playbook. It was frustrating to not be able to type emails of great length because the process was too slow trying to correct my mistakes. This basically makes the Playbook a device suited for consuming content rather than creating it.- Sometimes the touch screen is not as responsive as I'd like. With clean fingers and a clean screen, I might get 1 length unit of page scroll for every 1.5 length units my finger swiped.If the pricepoint is right for you and you are primarily interested in reading stuff online, then the Playbook may be right for you.
tablet_blackberry|As a blackberry user I am very happy with this device since it enhances your mobile experience everywhere without hiring any additional internet service, except for the one you already have on your cellphone. By using blackberry bridge application you are able to browse the web and take advantage of all features this tablet has to offer. Besides, it has the right size and the professional performance you expect to get access to most commont office files. It is symply portable, poweful, Playbook!
tablet_blackberry|Couldn't wait to power up the Playbook! Soon enough, I hit the first roadblock- I couldn't connect to my WiFi whose SSID is hidden. Try as I might, manual or automatic, it just wouldn't connect. So I called Blackberry Playbook Tech Support- probably the DUMBEST bunch of ignoramuses I've ever come across. They coolly said, "Oh, the Playbook HAS to have the SSID broadcast; it CANNOT connect to a hidden SSID. Even we cannot connect to a hidden SSID, you see...". I called a 2nd time, and it wasn't any better. There is a checkbox in the WiFi setup labeled "Hidden SSID", and I ensured it was checked. Surely, a modern-day device should be able to connect, shouldn't it? This morning, I enabled my SSID broadcast temporarily, went through the entire setup routine that included downloading and installing the latest OS version. After this was over, I disabled my SSID broadcast. After a system restart on the Playbook, I went back to WiFi setup, chose the Manual option, entered my WiFi credentials, clicked "Connect", and waited with bated breath- a few seconds later, SUCCESS!! So much for Blackberry Playbook "Tech Support"... The device is simply AWESOME- clarity and brightness are amazing- the best I've seen so far. Navigation is a bit of learning curve (especially for those not used to swipe/ pinch-and-zoom, like me), but quite easy, actually. Browser is ultra-fast. Videos are sharp, and sound is crystal-clear. So far I'm happy with it. Just don't bank on Blackberry Playbook tech support- they are completely unreliable. I'll share my thoughts as I explore it further.UPDATE ON 12/11/2011:--------------------- I have come to the conclusion that the Blackberry Playbook is the most unreliable piece of junk that I've ever come across- and I'm a software professional with over 15 yrs' experience. I had been running OS version 1.0.8.4985. On 12/10/2011, it prompted me to upgrade to OS version 1.0.8.6067, which I did- BIG MISTAKE!!!! Immediately after the update, the "App World" disappeared. And I found that I could not load any app- if I tried to open the browser, it would start to open, but within a second close by itself. "App World" reappeared after restarting, but If I clicked "App World", I would get a blank window; occasionally App World would show the apps. But if I chose an app to download, it would just go on and on forever. By chance if it did download and started to install, it would end with an "Install Error:[0008]". I was on the phone with Blackberry support for over 3 hrs yesterday. They seem to be complete morons and don't even have a clue as to what could be wrong. I'm told that once I update to the latest OS patch, I CANNOT go back to the previous version. I did a security wipe (set it back to factory settings) several times, to no avail. They finally agreed to do an RMA, but had the gall to insist on a $599 hold on my credit card to send a replacement Playbook while they tried to fix the faulty one, assuring they would remove the hold when they received the faulty one. I was fairly certain they would NOT respond in a timely manner if I sent it to them, and I would meanwhile run out of the 30-day return window at Amazon. So I have decided to return this piece of crap. Sending it back to Amazon tomorrow- thank you Amazon, for making the return process painless and trouble-free!
tablet_blackberry|people around me always talks about how GREAT blackberry'sthis 32GB playbook was my choice i pick it over the Galaxy tab2 and the ipad.i thought it was better and i was wrong first of all the LAKE of apps.and i downloaded the new OS update 7 TIMES yes and each time i made sure it worked and then it asks for the update over again...
tablet_blackberry|The reviews for this device were not overwhelming but it was thought to be serviceable and sturdy, and since my son has a blackberry phone that he is using to take notes on at school, I thought that this would be a handy companion device for him. It was not. The speed is slow at best offline and on our home wireless network, way slower than other devices that we own so that he seldom used it for anything but older games. After 5 weeks of gentle use (gel skin, external keypad, screen guard), the device stopped charging. The charger recharges other blackberry devices but not the Playbook. I know a full refund is not possible but whatever I get will go toward a Nexus.
tablet_blackberry|el Servicio FUE Eficaz y Oportuno Muy buen servicio los felicito Sigan Asi de oportunos Que Eso Es Lo Que Nos gusta a los Clientes.
tablet_blackberry|Quite good, system runs smoothly and it is pretty friendly. Touchscreen response is good (not great). Nevertheless, sometimes apps stop working properly and have too restart to make them work again. There is a great restriction in application accessibility. In the other hand is has a good HD screen and it's way more portable than bigger tablets.
tablet_blackberry|Tablet works great. Has some nice features, especially the ability to work with Ms Office documents. Nice video camera, email and Web browser. Nice machine. The issue is the lack of decent apps from BlackBerry. Don't be fooled about this running Android apps because it doesn't -they need to be converted to work with BlackBerry. And don't be confused with all of the apps in BlackBerry app world. I checked this out before buying the PlayBook but found out later that most only work on the phones and not the PlayBook. I don't know why BlackBerry can't make their phone apps play on PlayBook. They need more mainstream apps! This is worth $200 but it is not an I-Pad. If they get more apps this will be an awesome tablet.
tablet_blackberry|I have been very disappointed with the limitations the PlayBook has. It seems as if I am always encountering things that are not supported, Netflix, hulu, games and so on. I have also had problems with the wifi and I have had mixed results with customer service. I am however writing this review with the PlayBook so it isn't a complete loss, but I am now feeling jealous of my friends that have other tablets.
tablet_blackberry|I almost gave up looking for a solution to losing wifi when I upgraded to 2.0. I searched the web tried every solution and finally found a blogger with a phone number to BB tech support. What a pleasure. They solved the problem patiently and followed up to make sure I was happy. 1-877-644-8410 US if you still are struggling. I really like my Playbook now. Would suggest BB fire their Web site people and make it user-friendly for the masses. (mo sales, mo money)
tablet_blackberry|I wasn't really sure about this at first,but now im sure i love it. so easy to use and the price was great.
tablet_blackberry|I got this after going through numerous reviews and descriptions. The primary reason for buying it was the promise of android apps. I thought that the OS looks good, and with a choice of apps, it is a steal, considering the hardware. How very wrong i was!The hardware is indeed great for the price. You get 2 cameras, a stunning display, a 1ghz dual core processor and 1 gig of RAM. The OS, for the most part, does a great job of using this hardware potential. So what's the problem?Apps, as you might have guessed. What use are 2 cameras when you don't even get skype, or any other video chat app, coming to think of it. Yeah, there is the official video chat, but it is works only with playbooks playbook,rendering it more or less useless.Appworld is a joke, seriously! I did see a lot of new apps after the release of OS 2.0, but most of them are completely useless. Most look as if devs made them only to get a free playbook.No kindle, no netflix, hulu, no decent note taking app except evernote, not even google maps. What they have, like angry birds, are overpriced. $4.99 for angry birds,really?? It appears that devs are not too interested in making any apps for the playbook.So comparing to iOS or android, the apps selection is ludicrous.Problem is, no improvement is in sight.The android apps were only the ones devs submitted, which does not seem to be a large number.There are some games, but the collection is very limited.The android app player can get temperamental at times.On the plus side, the OS is actually snappy. Closing an app is as easy as it gets. The video and sound quality is pretty good, so is office app.If all you need is a device that you could put in your pocket and use for email, reading and editing word and excel docs and surf the net?( with wifi), this is the device for you. If you want something which can be versatile in use, with a big app selection, look elsewhere. I am waiting for ipad 3 now.
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|I waited almost a year before getting the 64GB Blackberry Playbook. In Jan 2012 Blackberry put it on sale for $299, a $400 drop in price. Since I am a Blackberry diehard who has had one since the monochrome sidewheel days and my whole family is on Blackberry devices I figured that it would fit nicely in my ecosystem.Before purchasing it, even at 57% off the regular price I laid out some reasons for buying it:1) Play audio2) Play video3) Browse web4) Use Blackberry Bridge to do emails to stop hurting my Blackberry thumb!I received it on Friday and here's how it went:1) Audio: It won't play about 5% of my MP3s. The screen shows that it is progressing through the song yet there is no audio.2) Video: It won't play about 30% of my videos. None of the .MKV videos work and some of the .AVIs won't work at all while others show a silent movie that I attribute back to whatever it is that won't play audio files.3) The fastest loading page on the web is arguably the Google home page at www.google.com. On the Playbook this page takes 3-4 minutes to load with the Playbook within arm's length of the wireless router. The Playbook is touted for having Flash support but only after I turned Flash off and JavaScript off would Google load in a few seconds.4) Blackberry Bridge: Doesn't work for me. Although this not working may be attributable to my using a Blackberry that's a few years old and doesn't have as much memory as the latest, the bottom line is that it still didn't work because my Blackberry phone did not have enough memory to run the required software and I'm not about to go out and buy a new Blackberry phone just to make the Playbook work.and more5) Screen sensitivity: Almost half the time the screen would not respond to my finger swipes and pokes. Very frustrating. This reminds me of when I first excitedly tried the Blackberry Storm and the onscreen phone dialpad would not recognize pokes at the "3" digit...for 20 minutes straight. But that's a different review.6) App World: I downloaded just about all the free programs I was vaguely interested in - a dozen. I then ran out of anything else to get.It's now Monday and not only is this going back, but its time to move to Android for phones etc.
tablet_blackberry|I chose this one of the many tablets as it works on blue tooth. So I can use the internet by using wireless with my blackberry phone
tablet_blackberry|Its too awesome to use it and so handy and good to buy one. Camera is very good as well the looks and I enjoy lot to use it.
tablet_blackberry|high-quality Assembly, stylish exterior, convenient control for up to $ 200 a very cool thing. I'm happy with the purchase of
tablet_blackberry|I have no complaints with this tablet. I've owned it for 6 mos. and it's worked perfectly. Great little device.
tablet_blackberry|it is a good tablet, in time, same in the picture, in time estimate, good quality, very good service and quility
tablet_blackberry|I love it although I am still getting used to it. I think when I am travelling it will be a lot easier than taking my laptop.
tablet_blackberry|Great.Im very happy with my BlackBerry PlayBook, is better than me expect. Only i hope soon we can use Skype informaci&oacute;n that tablet.
tablet_blackberry|The best product and company ever. Your are one of the best hidden product in the world. Hurray to you
tablet_blackberry|Compared to others on the market this model exceeded my expectations, great value for the money! If needed too would purchase another.
tablet_blackberry|This is what I need and I likeBut he needs more appsAnd I've recommended it to several friends
tablet_blackberry|the playbook is great, it does what i need it to do and more. I love the blackberry o.s. and the fact that it has a micro HDMI port on it. I take it to school to take notes and just to goof off watching youtube or just movies I put on my playbook.
tablet_blackberry|I like it my new tablet Is like really good smart everybody need one because is excellent computer i hope for everyone get one.
tablet_blackberry|I'm writting this from my playbook and i can say that is a wanderful tablet, and with a low price.
tablet_blackberry|I would not recommend it. The only good thing going for it is that it has a nice picture. It surfs the web okay. Other than that, I have nothing else to say.
tablet_blackberry|the table runs nicely, transferring data is easy, but since it doesn't have the android market it should be cheaper. not saying it is a bad tablet as I am pretty content with it. I really love the user interface since it is so practical. Also the tablet itself feels sturdy and not like is going to break if hold single handed. It could use more ports since finding adapters for it is kind of expensive and takes time to get then through the web.
tablet_blackberry|This tablet is very usefull for Blackberry users like me and that don't use the tablets like apple users do.I doesn't have as much as many Apps like others do so if you are expecting to have some cool apps on your playbook, you will be disappointed,but if you want just to use as e-book ,browse the internet and have a pretty nice extension of your blackberry in your playbook, than yes you will love it.I read some reviews complaining about the power button, but actually it never bottered me because usually i leave on standby and just need to slide across the screen from top to botton and will turn back on.pros-has flash built-in,links to your blackberry so you can read the e-mail from your playbook,cons-lack of apps.
tablet_blackberry|I love tablets,and I Love my Playbook... you can have so much info at your command instantly...and the Playbook (at least the hardware),was well planned and created. But...what happened to the development team's ideas for the applications to run this tablet? I bet some of them have Ipads (hint hint),and know that what a tablet can run is as important as how it's put together. Please RIM, try harder to bring the Playbook up to the standards that BlackBerry earned in the past...let this tablet shine! (pep talk *:) )
tablet_blackberry|I've had the Playbook since before Christmas and liked it so much I bought a second one for my wife, who has a BBG phone--I don't but my next one will be a BB. The bridge makes it possible to use the web without another data plan, is fast and I envy that when I'm away from WiFi. Huge plus saves $400 a year plus paying up for iPad 3G.
tablet_blackberry|I first bought the 32 gb model from Best Buy, and it had a dead pixel on the screen. I spent about 90 minutes with blackberry's customer service on the phone, and they offered to replace it but first had me reinstall the software, twice. They thought that somehow this would fix a dead pixel. Anyway, who has hours to waste on the phone? I don't. Then I couldn't get any laptop in the house to recognize the device properly. No issues with any other USB devices. Anyway they had me delete and reinstall the same version of their blackberry desktop software, which took another hour or so. No dice, still can't recognize it properly. It could be my laptop, but again I've had no problems with other devices. I was able to install 1 movie on it, and although the quality was very good on my laptop it wasn't that clear on the blackberry. Not sure why because the preinstalled sample 3 minute movie is super clear with very high resolution. After this movie was installed, nothing else would install, and my laptop wouldn't recognize it again. It was sort of a fluke that it worked.I returned it to Best Buy and got my money back. They were sold out due the deep price reduction. Then I bought the 64 gb model off Amazon, no dead pixels but still can't get it to work with my laptop, maybe the issue is with my laptop. As far as the device is concerned it has a lightning fast internet browser, probably as fast as my laptop for most sites. The camera was okay, but I used it indoors: may work better outdoors in sunlight. The preinstalled car racing game wasn't very good, in my opinion. If you are curious about the sound I thought the speakers worked really well for the size of this tablet. Unfortunately, and I knew this going in it doesn't do Netflix or Skype and there are very few apps that you can get right now. If I could get my own movies to load on this, I might consider keeping it. But I'd rather spend a few hundred more and get something that does what I want it to do. If you don't care about Netflix or Skype and you can get it to work with your computer then it might be right for you. Pretty good price, very nice screen and fast internet over wifi. Last thing as noted by many other reviewers is the power button. It didn't seem too bad on the 32 gb model, but on this 64 gb it's really difficult to turn it off and on with the power button. Yes you can swipe to wake up the tablet, but there will be times you will be forced to power on or off with the button, and it's annoying. I thought others were just whining about silly things, but this is quite a pain. By the way I bought the "used" model from Amazon's Warehouse deals and I'm pretty sure it's brand new. No signs that the box had ever been opened. So if you are going to buy one, be confident in Amazon's "like new" warehouse deal, as it may actually be brand new, and you get some good savings.
tablet_blackberry|No excuses.. look no further. Go buy yourself one of these tablets!.. I see big things happening in the very near future for this exciting!..fun!.. professional handling tablet!.. all in one unit =) no ipad or android for me..... and hello Blackberry Playbook!!!!Im a professional touring nightclub dj.. Im very technology savvy. This is an amazing 7 inch device!You will love the way the os system works in this tablet.Wayyyyy to gooooo BlACKBERRY!!!! Im a fan =)DJ CHRISTIAN LEE -
tablet_blackberry|The blackberry playbook is the most under-estimated product, period! It does everything a tablet is expected to do superbly and wonderfully... In my personal experience, it blows the iPad out of the water (I have used one for a few weeks)... With OS 2.0 and native PIM and android apps, there should be no doubt this is one of the best tablets on the market. Just give it a try and you would see...
tablet_blackberry|I brought bb playbook for replace my ereader,Kodo app that come with playbook isn't support other epub file. I try to find ereader app like alkido or fb, can't find once. I try another app (don't remember the app name), it's work very smooth. And one thing, it's support a few languages.
tablet_blackberry|Some say 7" is too small, I just it's just right. Some say that there are no Apps, I say they're imagining that this tablet is an Android Tablet or iPad. This is a BLACKBERRY tablet and works wonderfully with my BB Storm!
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|The Playbook is not a bad tablet for the money, but it has limited free apps available. You can side load a few Android apps, but it is somewhat of a pain. It preforms well, the battery life is okay. It has decent resolution and the touchscreen works well.I am not at all happy with the seller ANTOnile. The unit was represented as new, but the unit I received had been obviously opened and resealed. I contacted them and they basically denied the unit sent was used or manufactured. Thee were two layers of tape sealing the unit, the bottom piece had been cut. This makes the unit an open box. They refused to make things right. So I basically feel I was scammed. I will never buy from ANTOnile again. I buy all my electronics as well as other merchandise from Amazon, but if they continue to allow sellers to misrepresent merchandise I will not use their site for any purchases.
tablet_blackberry|OK so I've had the PB for approximately three weeks and just don't know what to use it for. Typing an email or document? Nope. It is too cumbersome and the fat finger effect is too rampant. It doesn't self correct or auto capitalize or self punctuate the end of a sentence. It will let you know that a word is misspelled, but then what? I've double clicked on it and it doesn't offer a substitute for the misspelled word. Even my Iphone is more user friendly in this respect. The PB is fast and I do like the ability to move from app to app without shutting the app down, but I could do this with my $300 laptop. The picture display and resolution is great for watching videos or movies but once again my laptop's screen is bigger. Gaming would be great if the app store was as big as Apple's, hopefully it will get there one day as so many of these units were sold due to the drop in pricing. I will give it this, the speakers blow my laptop's speakers away (maybe because it is a $300 laptop)! It excels as a ereader but once again the pickings are slim. I'm sure it will make an excellent travel companion since it's lighter than a laptop and easier to manage and it's a great tool if you can tether it to your phone or you must be in a wifi friendly environment to connect to the web. Speaking of which, the browser is pretty user friendly but has frozen up on me a few times. So if you know what you need a tablet for and can get good use out of it you could not go wrong with the PB, it is fast and user friendly and has a great picture quality. If you are just thinking about getting a tablet because everyone is getting one and already have a computer and don't travel too much, save your $. That goes for every tablet!!! Hope this review helps.
tablet_blackberry|Hola,Las caracteristicas del equipo me sorprendieron, fluides del video, tamano practico, resolucion de las imagenes, velocidad.Pero al ver la imagenes me di cuenta que la pantalla LCD de mi equipo trajo un problema de fabrica. Una fina linea en un lado del display, fina pero molesta. Se procedio a retornarla a Amazon.
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|I am a BlackBerry fan for many years and did not really mind the negative reviews in the press and got me this PlayBook as soon as I could.. The setup is easy and the Bridge software work. The automatic mode with the QR code never worked... but the manual process i simple and works every time (with Bold 9780 and a Torch 9800).. Ease of use: this is the really bad part: notifications are kept even if there are no new emails. My Bold had all emails marked as read, but the Playbook continue to show 1 unread email. Tapping on the notification icon on the Playbook tells me I have no notification.... hey??Downloading an attachment marks the email as unread on the Playbook, why??Some intranet sites do not work on the Playbook when my Bold can access all my intranet sites without issue.What is the point of a tablet if I cannot do as much as my Bold 9780???(one of the main reason I bought it was to be able to browse my Intranet on abigger screen...). anyway, I am sending it back.... it's not not working and I have too many bugs (and no solutions from Support) to be able to use it.I cannot recommend this product, stay away for the moment.
tablet_blackberry|All the tech reviews outside of Amazon badmouthed RIM, the Playbook and their software. I fell for Amazon's reviews that were all highly rated.My Playbook only worked for 1 day. Amazon is taking it back for a refund, but I tried to get Blackberry support to rescue it. and they knew it was impossible (after a wasted half hour on the phone).Of note, it cannot run Netflix nor LogMeIn. It can only utilize RIM's limited apps.
tablet_blackberry|I ended up returning it.I purchased a Samsung Galaxy 7 and it works great.The BB froze up, wouldn't charge and I had lots of issues with it. go for the Samsung .
tablet_blackberry|Pros, seems robust, good camera, good media player.Cons, I maybe wrong but I can't open sky drive, google drive and can't use it for skype or any other messengers.
tablet_blackberry|I have only had this product for a couple of days and it is okay. The reason I can't give this product 5 stars is because when I am trying to do my email and I tap to get in a certain page it's real difficult. When I need to go back and erase an error I usually have to erase all the way back because it's not recognizing my finger taps. I just ordered a styus pen that I am hoping will help me with this problem. It also did not come with a manual so I am really confused on how to work certain things like when I am trying to copy and paste. I expected more from Black Berry but I guess that is why it was such a good deal.
tablet_blackberry|Bought it as a gift for a friend and she loves it a lot.. she takes it everywhere she goes :)
tablet_blackberry|Received the product promptly and in optimal condition! I can't believe that I own such an amazing tablet for PENNIES!? Don't be fooled, this tablet is WORTH $1,000! And with BlackBerry 10 on the way, it's only going to get BETTER!
tablet_blackberry|It is an excelent product, the downside is that you can not play android app, you must first convert it, but it is a great product.
tablet_blackberry|I should of heed the display model at Radioshack as a warning not to buy this tablet. The micro usb port was broken on the display model I looked at at radioshack, hence I really just bought it because it was on sale for $199 on 12/1/2011. I believe this is a design flaw and the micro usb port for the playbook can easily be broken. I actually took precaution and was very careful unplugging and plugging in the micro usb charger over the past 6 months I've had this tablet. Now I can't connect this tablet to my computer but I can still charge it through the rapid travel charger.
tablet_blackberry|Missed the sale from bestbuy and settled for the Samsung tab but then saw a great price on Amazon. So much better than Samsung. I gave the Samsung to my son 19. When I got my playbook he begged me to switch... bridge is awesome. I love it. Flash websites run slow and some secured sites won't let me add my login but overall B+I own a blackberry curve and the two together are a marriage made in heaven. way better than what ipad offers.
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|I've had the blackberry for about 2 months and love the hardware and software and speed. But the book reader sucks!!!!! I have over 40,000 ebooks and I cant read any of them on the playbook which is one of main reasons I bought a 7 inch tablet. I'm selling it and getting 10 inch android tablet.
tablet_blackberry|Pros:1. after trying to come up with a short list I decided to just point out the fact that the pros of this device are all on the minimum must-have list anyway: good screen-yes, good size-yes....so not much else to report.2. ok, one thing--the speakers are great! the are on the sides of the screen, facing you, so you get great sound.3. ability to edit (but not create) word, excel, ppoint native app--may be helpful for traveling professional, but other limitations of apps (see below) makes this one feature not worth the hassle of carrying the thing around.4. HTML out is a cool idea, but again, see limitations below.Cons:1. No native email client! RIM promised one 9 months ago, still nothing in appworld.2. No calendar. again, appworld search turns up nothing.3. Camera/video--software is hard to understand/navigate.4. Very limited apps in the app world. dare I say nothing useful?...yeah, I'd say that.5. Did i mention no email client?? the device comes pre-loaded w/ link buttons to gmail and hotmail, etc.-- but these are just shortcuts to the web browser.bottom line: I bought one for my wife for Christmas and a Kindle Fire and told her to keep the best one. after two days of playing w/ the Playbook we were impressed, but lack of apps really relegated this to just a web browsing device. then we opened the Fire. with her Amazon Prime mebership the Kindle Fire is a no brainer! this thing is great! I returned the Playbook to the store, the Kindle Fire is worlds better.
tablet_blackberry|So I finally decided to give this thing a try, why not? At the price I got it at, you can't beat what I thought was a decent little tablet!I'm not gonna say it was a bad choice but I can say that it's not a great one either. This is my first ever review and I've bought tons of stuff on amazon. I'm a gadget geek and in the IT industry so I get a lot of exposure on all products. I have 2 iPads, a windows tablet w Windows 8 on it, an android tab and now a blackberry play book.The play book is a great size and perfect for travel, it's light and responsive to touch and launching applications. I'm not 100% on how to access android apps if that's even possible but I've read you could... Although I'm not able to figure it out yet. In the blackberry App Store there are a few things that are cool, but it's limited. Right off the bat, no Netflix! Probably not a huge deal for some but for, I watch a lot of Netflix stuff.... There is an app but it only allows you choose a movie, then you gotta buy an app to watch it... Fail!I was attracted to it due to their neat commercials about the OS. The OS is not that great, it lacks a lot of luster and basic features you see on an iPad or android. I know it's geared toward business but in my opinion and as it turns out for RIM, it's not the opinion of most, it needs to be geared toward the largest crowd w available business-centric apps. Sorry blackberry play book, not doing so hot!I love my iPad and its not my everyday piece of computer technology, I use it at home, if I'm taking a trip that's not work related or taking a poop! (Honestly!) The OS is super smooth and you can't it's consumer friendly-ness.All in all, if you can buy the play book for $100, go for it! It's a nice little tablet, but if its not on sale or a low price and your thinking about paying over $200 for it, save your money and buy the iPad mini that just came out, same size and way more bang for your buck. A little more money yea but you'll get your money's worth in ease of use and functionality.
tablet_blackberry|It is impossible to get help who speaks English. I want to return this. It is useless. The aps are obsolete
tablet_blackberry|I was disappointed. Downloads would intermittently open. Not compatible with NETFLIX...??? My daughter's $70 tablet is compatible with NETFLIX. Graphics is amazing, but not helpful if can't watch what I want. Took forever to download the first download, but hey...the graphics was amazing. It shipped fast and refunded fast. Thankful for that. I ordered the Kindle Fire HD and it's so much easier to use.
tablet_blackberry|This playbook is awesome,but it takes too long to start... I have the 64 GB, I have to wait 2 min for it to turn on...that sucks
tablet_blackberry|I was torn between buying a netbook or a tablet. I dont do alot on the computer. Just simple web surfing really. I researched all the tablets in this price range and the playbook seemed to be the superior. Reviews were praising it's dual core processor, its speed, its task management, saying its professional grade, etc. Well, the Playbook falls short in most of these areas.The browswer is fast, but extrememly glitchy. You have to keep reloading websites becausse it freezes before it finishes rendering the page. The picture section is just plain aweful. Theres no way to create a new folder or gallery for pics. Therez no way to move pics around or in to a new order. Theres no way to hide pics or folders. I knew the app store for blackberry wasnt as big as the others but thats the understatment of the decade. The have NOTHING intreseting or useful enough for me to consider downloading. The keyboard sucks. No auto correct. No auto puncuation.The screen is really nice though. And it has HDMI out to my tv. Thats the best thing I have to say about it. Theres supposed to be a software update coming that would give us access to the android marketplace. That might improve things but who knows when that will ever come out.Everyone says netbooks are slow and clunky. I cant imaging them being more slow or frustrating as this stupid Playbook. Im sure there are plenty of typing errors in this review. Im typing this on the Playbooks virtual keyboard wigh no auto corrector and cant be bothered to go through and fix everything. Im REALLY sorry I bought this thing.
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|nice tablet, not much to say about it. Need to shorten the review words required because they are too much.
tablet_blackberry|Great product and very durable.Thanks for the quick service and I will buy more in the near future.JKM
tablet_blackberry|My first table like item. I got it because BB is the standard at work. I can sync it up with my BB9900 phone to get emails and calendar stuff. It was cheap $199 for 64G. Connect great to my PC, able to port pictures, .pdf files, music, internet searches and other itemsHowever, small viewer, not many apps available, takes about 1.30 mintues to boot up, it has lots of limites as far as interacting with with apps that came on the device and apps that are downloaded. Word and Excell like apps are limited.Yes I would recommend if you are not into apps and some of the cool featurs on a iPod and the others. I think I'll probably get a Samsung later, but this will do for now.
tablet_blackberry|i love it ,it is very good !so ,i very like it.i love it ,it is very good !so ,i very like it.
tablet_blackberry|I love Blackberry over the years. However am a bit disappointed with this model. It doesnt work with a Sim card. Its a wi fi connection. Although it has good apps, high definition, battery life is excellent, very load when listening & watching video. It limits me because am all over the place base on my scheduled. I had to get my own data plan. Tmobile offers the best package to fit my budget. I almost return it but I love the features. Now I verify why the Kindle Fire sells over this. Once u goes in a Wi fi hot spot it works. Da playbook doesnt. So that why I get my own data.
tablet_blackberry|If you want good apps and netflix, do not get this. ..... . . . . . . . .
tablet_blackberry|The Blackberry Playbook is plagued by the very thing that plagued BB7 and what I hope is fixed by BB10... lack of excitement/apps.Sure, they 'support Android apps' but the problem is you have to sideload dated Android apps that work half the time. Once the Android apps are outdated it forces you to update from the Google Play store which is not supported.I was excited for this tablet, I really was. It lasted a week until I was bored. Sure, it literally has the BEST OS on a tablet but it falls short with no substance.Blackberry... we are counting on you come January 30. Please deliver or we will see you in our rear view mirrors..
tablet_blackberry|Great timing. The playbook is in good conditions like the guy said. I love my playbook thanks:). You can buy anything from this person.
tablet_blackberry|Excelent product, Good. Warm and are responsible 100% recommended to buy and Thanks for the service and keep it up
tablet_blackberry|The item arrive as promise. It works wonderful. Would be again from this company. The price was also good. thanks
tablet_blackberry|Great nice tablet. Witu your bb Phone is amazing suporte hdmi bluetooth keyboard and externa mouseGoodyear aplicaciones inform&aacute;ticas amor verdadero happy with my playbook
tablet_blackberry|I got this Blackberry Playbook for its portability. The battery doesn't last as long as I hoped and if I had the chance to buy again I would have spent more and got a tablet with 3G connection.
tablet_blackberry|I got my playbook a few weeks ago and I can't put it down.I also own an Asus Transformer which is an awesome tablet, but the portability of the Playbook and the seamless way it integrates with my Blackberry is a joy. The video resolution is superb. Multi tasking is a breeze. The new 2.0 operating system brings even more great functionality to the tablet.When connected via my Blackberry bluetooth feature, the Playbook gives me instant access to the internet. The "Bridge" function is just awesome. Customer support has been fantastic and the surprise follow up calls were very appreciated.I wasn't sure how I would feel about a 7' tablet, however, while there is a small trade off in screen size, you just cannot beat the fact that this unit is the perfect size to carry around.On the negative side, it really takes a long time to boot up, I've got to the point where I leave it on most of the time which is fine with me. Battery life is not quite as good as my Asus, but I get a good six hours of use off of one full charge.I really believe that this unit will especially appeal to Blackberry phone users.I do have a concern that RIM has not done very well with the Playbook, and that they might abandon itin the future, which means long term negatives for Playbook owners. The potential for how the Playbook and Blackberry phone could integrate in the future, is an exciting proposition, however this may not come to fruition. RIM has given Playbook owners very little confidence that they plan to stay in the market with the Playbook. There are quite a few rumors surfacing but none seem to give Playbook owners much confidence. Rim should come out and tell us what the future of the Playbook is, as it's unfair to those of us who are backing them by purchasing the Playbook.I think RIM has created a great product but has not marketed it very well.Blackberry should not compete with Apple. Instead, they should do what they started out doing with their smart phones, marketing the Playbook to people who want the best functionality in business.Last but not least, I got my playbook for $199.00 well below the original price.I would recommend this tablet highly. My only reservation is whether RIM will be sticking with it.UPDATE: Today I learned that the in next OS update (2.1) Rim will no longer allow Playbook owners to sideload apps. This is after they bragged about introducing this feature months ago. They sure don't know how to keep friends. I have down graded my rating on this item, given that company support and progress is a determining factor when rating products.
tablet_blackberry|I love how handy this product is.. lightweight and easy to navigate.. surprisingly there are a lot of apps via blackberry app world! resolution is clear. Since I'm a BB user also, I feel I am able to utilize my playbook with the bridge feature. Product was delivered within the period given :)
tablet_blackberry|I order these tablets on "Black Friday" online for my son and daughter for X-mas. I was a little nerves because I didn't know if I would get them in time ,so I added 2-day shipping to my order. I was so surprised (that "Monday") to find a slip from Fed-X stating that I missed the delivery and they would try again the next day. I got online and went to Fed-x website and had them to hold the package at 1 of there locations near me. (Needless to say the package was at the location near me the next day). My wife tried to convince me to get 1 of the other tablets but my mind was already made up. I read the reviews and was impressed with the features and size.("not to big like the 10" tablets") I'm very pleased and I'm thinking about 1 for myself. "Would definitely recommend to a friend".
tablet_blackberry|very good seller, he sent very quick the item, the item just arrive in time,if is possible ill buy another item again
tablet_blackberry|It is good for watching videos and surfing webFrom app perspective , it does not have many appsAwaiting android virtual machineCamera is good (front and back)Speakers are goodVideo quality compares with the bestFile transfer is seamless .
tablet_blackberry|playbook is a great product, but the thing is, the 1080p HD recorder doesn't look good, i saw videos on youtube people have reordered from there own playbook, it looks much clear and better than my playbook, not sure why, it might be a defect or the new ones are less clear or something, overall i like the playbook, hopefully they will add bbm to it without a bridge connection to a blackberry phone, to use bbm and email i have to buy a new blackberry phone which is stupid, thanks
tablet_blackberry|It does everything that the blackberry should. Works great, the shipper was great. I'm just not crazy about the blackberry tablet itself. Kind of disappointing after being used to the iPad. But, thats my fault for not doing more research before making the purchase.
tablet_blackberry|This is my first Tab and after a somewhat difficult learning curve I really like it. I'm not a gamer or social butterfly and wanted a tab for checking news, stocks, weather and emails. I like the size and build of this device. Once you get used to the gestures and such it's fantastically easy to use.
tablet_blackberry|Bought another for my son so he didn't use mine to play. I don't like I can't open a document and have no option to send it by mail. You have to write a mail and attach the document and sometimes it's hard to find it.
tablet_blackberry|Ok I didn't Purchase my Tablet on on Amazon but yeah yeah I know it's A Blackberry but that don't mean nothing long story short good tablet but the browser crashes., In The future I might get rid of my Playbook for another Brand I'm not too fond of this Tablet., oh not and to mention it has The worst Apps., 3 stars for me!
tablet_blackberry|There is a serious bug with the Playbook where if the battery becomes fully drained, it will not reboot or recharge. Odds are the used Playbook you are buying has being laying around for some time and the battery has fully drained.There are some ways to fix this, but they are time consuming and a pain.So make sure whoever sells you a Playbook, powers it on before they send it and fully charges it otherwise you will have a Playbook that's DOA.I wanted to give this a chance, but Blackberry blew it. No wonder the company is going under.
tablet_blackberry|I had to return this think twice, once for a screen defect where they had to give me a new one. Had to return the new one for repair for sound issues, where I was only hearing sound through one side. Throughout the entire process with RIM (blackberry) customer support these people treat you like you are of no importance and your time is not valuable. I loved blackberry but now I think I know why they are dying, quality issues and horrible customer support.
tablet_blackberry|DO not even think about buying this BB Tablet. Only after 4 months suddenly die with no reason.Blackberry online service really bad. No wonder why nobody is buying these BB products anymore!
tablet_blackberry|I did my research before buying this device to make sure that I could get the apps I wanted. I went to Blackberry's App World online and searched for some basic apps in which I was able to successfully find. HOWEVER, NOT ALL BLACKBERRY APPS ARE COMPATIBLE FOR THE PLAYBOOK. WHAT?!?! How can that be. I feel I was duped. I wouldn't have bought this device if I knew it was so proprietary. There is no Netflix app and going to Netflix and Hulu sites directly is futile because the device isn't supported from them. I was quite disappointed. The ability to stream video for me was huge and this device is lacking. But, if you want to stream one of Blackberry's obscure apps for streaming independent content, its fantastic. If you don't want a whole version of the Bible and want some catchy devotional apps, its great.I won't even get into the lag it has and that the touch screen seems to be on crack. Apparently if you touch it too hard, it does nothing. I probably wouldn't have to touch it emphatically if it responded the first time. It takes several touches for my unit to respond. Then it woefully drags to the next link or site.But, the video on it is amazing, and the speakers are also terrific. This makes it ok to the fact that it is so heavy it's like a hand weight.I would NOT recommend this device to someone who is not already a Blackberry owner (in which I was not).
tablet_blackberry|I am the proud owner of a Blackberry Bold 9650. So I thought that I would buy the Playbook when looking for a tablet. My reason for purchasing was purely pleasure. I had no intention of using this device for business.Pro's:Great OS, very smooth and fluidFAST (wish my Blackberry Bold was as fast)Good sizeGreat screen colors and images are sharpCon:Content SUCKS!You literally buying a $200-$500 web browser.Blackberry App World SUCKS!As stated by others; Blackberry loves the line "coming soon."Apple, Google and Amazon have the right idea. Have one program to access all content (music, movies and books). With Blackberry they have 3 different applications for each. Kobo for books, Series 7 for music and nothing for movies. I returned my Playbook.Gave this 3 stars due to the hardware. Hardware is a great device.
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|i bought this but after a week the screen froze and couldnt do a thing. called blackberry customer service , they helped alot tried updating software nothing happened, spent 3 hours on the phone they finally told that i can get an even exchange but i still had my amazon great return policy time so sent an email to the seller and they were very very helpful returned it back and got my ful refund back, though it took 15 days shipping and all but seller was very very nice and helpful. i would say dont get it and buy something that should work for a while
tablet_blackberry|5/14/2012 update: I thought the 2.0 upgrade was going to be a real improvement for this thing and it was not. There are hardly any good apps or games for this garbage. This thing is useless without any good apps. I should of bought an android tablet instead...
tablet_blackberry|This is my first ever review, motivated only by my intense hatred of my blackberry. I'm on my second blackberry playbook now, neither of which would charge again if you ever let the battery completely run out. It's totally ridiculous that you can't let the battery completely drain without causing massive problems. If you're considering buying this, save yourself the time and aggro and do a quick search in Google for "my blackberry won't charge". You'll find a huge number of people experiencing this problem. Not to mention that Ipod and all Android systems have a vastly larger number of apps than blackberry has now, or ever will have. And where the same apps exist for all three, the ones for Blackberry too often have a charge -- due to blackberry having a smaller market and apparently being much more costly to actually write the app code for. The hardware is actually nice, but what's the point if it doesn't work. I can't believe I ever bought this. Big mistake.
tablet_blackberry|good seller,fast shipping. not one regret even as i had doubts before i purchased the item. i love the product
tablet_blackberry|I have always used a BlackBerry phone, but last year I recieved an IPOD 32GB Touch for Christmas. After playing with it I fell in love. Unfortunately, I loved my BlackBerry too, and didn't want to switch to the IPhone. When the PlayBook came out, I couldn't have been more excited. Not only did I expect to get the same functionality from it that I got out of my IPOD, but now I could Tether the too devices and really get productive.Okay, so as far as the Tethering (BlackBerry Bridge)function goes, I really do love the tablet. I'm a 6'5 with large hands, and pushing small buttons has never been easy. Needless to say, this is not a problem when using the tablet. Additionally, the browsers is great, and the speeds are pretty good, considering everything has to boune off the phone.As for the apps, and functionality from the business side, this thing is REALLY disapointing. First off, the BlackBerry Desktop Software is entirely under developed. So much so, that I think BlackBerry may have actually hurt themselves by releasing this tablet. Secondly, the available Apps are pretty poor, and most developers are really focused on the Android and IPOD/IPAD. Third, a HUGE number of the BlackBerry Apps are not supported on the Tablet.As for Media and Music, it appears that only Apple can support protected media files. If you plan on playing some music, or any major motion picture, you will need to purchase a software to crack the files before you can upload and play them on your Playbook.Finally, if you bump into trouble good luck. I spent nearly 6 hours trying to resolve a simple problem, and finally gave up. The frustrating part wasn't that the tech support guy was weak, it was that getting a number to call them was just about impossible. If you buy the PlayBook, make sure you register your product during setup so that you know how to reach tech support.All and all, I think the Playbook is worth about $200 (tethering function is seemless). Quite frankly, I'm planning on returning mine and spending the extra money for the IPAD. Applications are availabe that prived similar tethering capabilities, however, the functionablity is far greater.
tablet_blackberry|I bought this to replace my iPhone because I could no longer afford the monthly plan costs. I loved my iPhone and all the apps I use. I was hoping to have access to at least some of the apps I was getting with Apple. This is not the case. You are locked in to only Blackberry apps which are nothing close to what Apple offers. The only similar app was Facebook. According to many websites Android apps will be coming to the device in February. This is a promise RIM has made and broken several times. I should have done more research before getting this product. The company RIM itself is not doing well because of the losses it has suffered from lowering the cost of the Playbook. I would imagine it would be a nice companion to your Blackberry phone. But if you have AT&T they don't support Blackberry Bridge access. Go with your gut and get what you want. That's my new motto. Also if you have small hands I don't recommend this device. Luckily, I was able to return my purchase of the 64gb model to Best Buy.
tablet_blackberry|how can you build a tablet without mail & calendar? it makes no sense that RIM forces you to pair with a blackberry phone and order to use mail and calendar. my ipad & iphone synce its mail, calendar, and contact just fine over wifi. it's inexcusable, RIM. also they have a retarded lock button. RIM got so many things right but they screwed up on the most fundamental features; that's just amazing.
tablet_blackberry|The OS itself is rock solid in terms of stability -- not once did I have this freeze on me and force me to power cycle. The web browser is pretty nice and renders full web sites pretty well. It was quite nice to see Amazon's Cloud Player for music work flawlessly. However, without native email, contacts, or calendar, I had to use the BlackBerry Bridge functionality to connect my BlackBerry Torch 9810. The BlackBerry Bridge functionality is slick but very slow at times, taking seconds just to display an email or BBM message, randomly, and also quite buggy, frequently requiring me to close the particular app (Messages or BBM, for example) and restart it to get it to work correctly. This was using the latest available BlackBerry Tablet OS at the time of this review, mind you. The app offerings in App World are just abysmal -- I could find ZERO VNC clients that supported BOTH multiple monitors and right-click of the mouse (!) functionality. There are no SSH clients, no serious Telnet clients, no SFTP clients -- need I go on? This is definitely NOT a professional grade tablet. In defense of the developers, RIM has crippled this tablet by not offering easy access to the Native SDK, which is really necessary to do REAL development of REAL apps for this platform. At the time of this review, the Native SDK was by application only, and ONLY for game development -- a very odd requirement given the marketing of the tagline, "amateur hour is over."
tablet_blackberry|Pros: Amazing screen clarity and resolution.(You can view things crystal clear direct under the sunlight)Very nice volume, you need any speaker for you and your girlfriend to watch a video (we are good about 50% volume)Handles office documents, better than any tab (Android and Ipad) The macros in the excel works like a charm. You can create, edit , xooms in xooms out in the wink of a eye.Small easy to carry, rubberized body, grips well, finger print resistant and feels solid.All controls on top keeping things simple.The 5 mpx camera is really nice, comes with image stabilization.Records HD video which is amazing.The battery life is pretty decent, goes about 2 days with a lot of use (Better than android tab and equal to ipad)Cons: No netflix and Skype (video chat lacking unless another blackberry) but youtube and other flash content plays really well and does not open mobile website like android tabs do.You see the full version website.Bluetooth can't recognize services with non blackberry phones so not that usefulOther Thoughts: This is my second review, I could not edit my previous one so I added the new one.I have an asus eepad, ipad2 and this one. This is the best hardware.At $299 for the 64GB, I say it's a steal. If Blackberry provides apps for Skype and Netflix, then I think people can be saved from getting ripped by apple.
tablet_blackberry|I am not in the habit of writing reviews but I felt compelled to given the bad experience with this product. I have had it for just under a year now and as of yesterday, it simply no longer charges. I have tried everything and the playbook will not charge. There is simply zero battery life and no indication that the product will work again. My recommendation for those thinking of buying is simply do not. it's not worth the hassle given the relative paucity of apps available and it seems that this problem with the playbook not charging or turning on is all too common.
tablet_blackberry|I chose the Playbook for a three month backpacking trip because it fit my budget, battery life, and weight needs. Based on those criteria, the Playbook was great - it's only 1 pound and I carried it with me everywhere with no problems, it lasted for several hours on one charge (even watching TV), and it was cheap compared to my other options. It did its job (emailing home and booking hostels) while I traveled, but if I did it again I'd pay more for a better tablet. I hated that I couldn't Skype on the Playbook. I hated that I couldn't connect via a microUSB for picture uploads. The app selection leaves a LOT to be desired, and promised Android Market access didn't happen. Apps crashed all the time, even when it was the only thing running. The camera quality is terrible. The tablet often had issues connecting to the internet, when my iPhone (which only went on the trip to contact family - wouldn't have taken if I could use Skype) had no problems. The touchscreen is laggy and often froze, and the user interface was quite odd. It wouldn't download most email attachments, and forget about opening DropBox or creating simple documents.
tablet_blackberry|You might want to think twice before buying anything Blackberry, as their Customer Service is worse than terrible. We bought one of their tablets for Christmas which turned out to be defective. After more than an hour wait on the phone for customer service (which was routed to India), and two repeated calls to see where we were in the return process in the weeks that followed, we FINALLY heard from them yesterday - more than a month later. We will not be replacing it with another Blackberry product. :(((
tablet_blackberry|I recieved the product in a great time, the box was very protective! I will recomend this store and product to others.
tablet_blackberry|First off, I want to state from the get-go I am a big Blackberry fan. I have a small exhibit of BBs on display in my home going back 10 years. They are reliable, sturdy, and serious machines. RIM remained true to their core beliefs while others focused on what most people really seem to want: entertainment, and it cost them. The company's belated entry into the tablet market has been justly panned. Still I bought this device as a backup tablet given the lower price. On the positive front, the build quality is high. Its small size is very convenient for carrying (keep it safely tucked in a bag until you reach your destination). The screen and sound quality are among the best I have encountered. However, in the end, there are just as many defects. The touch screen has poor tactile resonance; many times I have tried in vain to magnify a screen or attempted to tap on a Google link. The screen is just too small to hit the mark unless you have tiny fingers or a stylus. That won't be of any help trying to enlarge or shrink a page, however. The power button and volume controls require inordinate pressure to respond. Apps are limited and even basic ones like synching with Gmail malfunctions more than it works. No Skype as of yet. Amazon videos don't much seem to work. And iTunes doesn't isn't available. What am I going to put on 64 gig drive? The calculator is among the strangest I have ever worked with. One major headache is the prolonged startup time. I am surprised that any RIM product could take that long to start. The bottom line is unless you are an enthusiast, there are plenty of better tablets on the market (Thrive, though not without its issues) in this and larger configurations.
tablet_blackberry|My Playbook is defective, very disappointing .... im so upset, hoping to return this item, for one I can use.... the user agreement will not show up, so I can do nothing with it.
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|Purchased as a Christmas gift. Product arrived with all international chargers and nothing that would work with U.S. outlets. Has anyone else experienced this issue?
tablet_blackberry|Things are very good, but the screen has a bad point&#65292;i am a big fun of blackberry&#65292;so i like it&#12290;Looking forward to Chinese upgrade package
tablet_blackberry|It came with foreign instructions, couldn't get support and couldn't get it hooked up to my modem..be careful if you buy this
tablet_blackberry|Received quickly and re mailed to Ukraine. Seems like a nice tablet, and I own the xyboard Motorola. Clear screen, and plug ins tight and locked in.
tablet_blackberry|Bueno, soy de Venezuela, compre esta tablet el dia 15 de Octubre y exactamente como lo dijeron me lo entregaron 3 dias despues. No vino con ningun error, me funciona perfectamente, con lo que toda Playbook trae. Muy buen vendedor, vale la pena comprarla, aunque las aplicaciones sean un pequ&ntilde;o problema debido a que son limitadas, tiene muchas buenas aplicaciones, que se pueden utilizar.
tablet_blackberry|I just love my new Blackberry. It goes into my handbag where ever I go. It is a small computer.
tablet_blackberry|Disappointed with seller. Sold the same unit to another customer for $100.00 less. I knew this when I asked for a receipt and was sent the wrong one which showed the sale price for a lower amount.
tablet_blackberry|I've heard Blackberry was on its way to distinction, but I thought it would be good enough for my wife just to watch video. Now I regret! The default video player doesn't even play similar-named videos continuously and no subtitle capability. I had to buy another video player software, but it doesn't work as advertised. I could not find any other descent software that I could use. I should have gone with Android. I 'm just holding this device hoping Blackberry might wake up and come out with something new.
tablet_blackberry|It is good item. and the price is good.It is good item. and the price is good.It is good item. and the price is good.
tablet_blackberry|PLEASE READ BEFORE SKIPPING: The tablet is amazing, if you want to know why I like it read on.Positive things about the tablet:Runs rings around an Android tablet as far as productivity, laughs at an iPad in the same respectBrowser is incredible, probably the best browser on a mobile device I've ever used (and I've used probably 20)Screen was above average as was the sound. Plays FULL FLASH videos and games out of the box, MUCH better than viewing on my smartphoneBattery lasted long, and has a dual charging option (one in the MicroUSB and one in a propriety magnetic connector)CAN RUN ANDROID APPS, just update it to the latest software (free patch)Negative things about the tablet:Native apps (apps made for the playbook) are slim pickings and most are programs you've never heard ofWas a pain getting my Android apps on it and workingThe company I bought the tablet from told me this tablet was used but in perfect working order, and I was assured that everything was working. Well everything seemed to be in order except when I went to charge it with my MicroUSB charger and my charger didn't "fit." So I researched to make sure it was a MicroUSB and it was so I looked at the port itself on the tablet and it appeared as if someone took a hammer and chisel to it. It was completely broken and the worst part it was obvious to anyone who has the gift of vision and has used any piece of technology... ever... I returned it promptly and I requested that they send me out another tablet, I did NOT want a refund and just wanted another tablet, albeit a working one. Well today I got an email exclaiming my refund. So now I've lost this 3 weeks since I've purchased it originally and the worst part is they raised the price on their tablets (nice timing) so I have to spend more money for the same tablet I wanted plus a lot of inconvenience. I will give 5 stars if the seller wants to do the right thing and send me out another tablet. Until then the 1 star (and this awesomely written review) will remain.
tablet_blackberry|The playbook is nice a compact, however I had expected it to be bigger.The packagin also didn't give any instructions about what each port was for.. ie: headphone jack.The power plug supplied does not fit australia.
tablet_blackberry|I love this little tablet I got it for my two year old son and since he got last year for christmas he has been so happy
tablet_blackberry|Lleg&oacute; a tiempo en buen estado equipo muy bueno, muy &aacute;gil.Velocidad de video r&aacute;pida, buen solido, ligero y f&aacute;cil configuraci&oacute;n
tablet_blackberry|I am tired of being attacked by fanboys so do what you want. Just know you won't have access to most top apps.
tablet_blackberry|I have acquired this PB 32 last xmas. The product function according to expectations however last week the tablet stopped reacting to my fingertips. I have tried different software solutions but I can see that it is hardware one. I have tried to contact the reseller several times with no answer. I am very disappointed with this and I guess I will not make the same kind of purchase again from the same system. No warranty means poor product!
tablet_blackberry|the playbook itself is a very nice item and i am very satisfied with it. However the charger that plugs into the wall and is needed in order for you to use it fell apart on week after the 90 day warranty expired. The company i bought it from, USA Discount Inc. said since i bought it from amazon they would have to deal with a replacement. Amazon said since its past 30 days they cant do anything. The charger was not abused in anyway, it just fell apart when i pulled it from the wall, which not only rendered my playbook unusable but could have created a fire and safety hazard. I would not advise buying from either USA Discount Inc. or amazon since neither is will to stand behind the product or deal with faulty merchandise. Amazon has always been a reputable company which i have felt good about dealing with in the past but lately i have been getting very poor merchandise and service and from other reviews it appears i am not the only one. I hope amazon reviews its policies and returns to being the reputable company they used to be.
tablet_blackberry|i have a LG optimus V android phone. i wanted something with a larger screen that i could put in a jacket pocket. take the place of my netbook .. the playbook seemed to fit the bill ...now after 2 momths i can say it's NOT quite ready for what i need. i would think picking up email, checking into airlines, making hotel/plance reservations, look at maps would be no problem because i can do all those on my cell.i only bought the playbook because it was on sale and i figured it's got to be worth the price. IMO it is not worth the price if one cannot do what you need ....email= no problem using yahoo & gmail.boarding passes = sometimes it works sometimes not. many times i cannot get the curser into box or the small windows to choose dates that pop up freeze or i can't make a choice = i end up using 3g on cell.hotel/plane reservation= same problem as boarding pass = end up using 3g on cell.maps = fair to so-so .. if you are looking at a resturant and they provide a map ( google or bing) and i click on map it pops up a new browser page and it freezes and i have to cloes it. = end up using google maps on cell ... anyway i get to google maps it doesn't work = freezes ... going to BING and clicking on maps = freezes.the playbook does have a bing map app. that works so-so to ok . problem there is say i'm looking at santa monica and i click on resturants. it shows 7 ( 1-7) resturants on map. i can click next page and now it shows 8-14 on map ..finally by page 6 i see my resturant say #44 .. i then zoom into map and by the time i can see the street name the resturants have reset to 1-7 .. i then jump to page 6 and now the map is zoomed out and my resturant isn't there because now it might be #30 or #40 or #9 .. seems to change every time and again once i zoom into map it always goes back to page 1 on listings ..surfing the net = so-so ..many times the pop ups do not work, hard to get curser into boxes, pages do not load or do not work ( freezes )the playbook is set up to work with a blackberry phone. i do have a wifi hotspot on my cell. no problem with playbook connecting to it but in the end it's not good enough here ... i've been on 3 trips since i've had the playbook and every trip i've ended up using my cell to finish up what the playbook couldn't.i've been told that OS V2 mid feb 2012 will fix it.oh lets not forget about the on/off button. it's a pain .. i can press on it for 5, 10 , 20 seconds and nothing. not sure what pressure turns it on? you can turn it off without using the button BUT the only way to turn it on is using it. right after i bought it i went to 2 stores that carried playbook to see if mine had a problem. both stores had playbooks on display and none worked. last week i went by 3 stores and again NONE worked. these are not display models they are suppose to be working playbooks. i did find one at a best buy begin of Jan and the ON button was worse then mine. so i just don't turn it off. i find that after approx 3 days of not using it - it is very difficult to wake up.other then the ON button the hardware seems to be very good to excellent. HDMI easily connects to TV, projector.IMO it's the software that needs work. hoping V2 makes it usable ..not a happy playbook owner ( yet)update 4/9/2012upgraded to 2.0 ..no problem making plane/hotel /boarding pass, reservations ..bing maps works much better ... google maps still does not work ...takes over 3min to boot up ... seems to me, clicking on links is worse ( nothing happens)in OS 2 ..also i use to leave it in standby ( because it is difficult to turn ON) but since OS 2i find that after 24hrs in stand-by it is very difficult to get it out of stand-by and when i do, about 40% of the time it is frozen = have to restart ...still think the ON=OFF button is the WORST ..i'm not finding the " it works with android apps" working that well ...i do like the 7" size ..IMO OS 2 is a slight improvement ..today i take a 4.3" android phone on trips (no cell service on it, only use WiFi ) instead of the playbook because it works much better ... take a 3.2" android for cell phone use ...not a happy playbook owner ... use it less and less ...it's OK but OK is not good enoughupdated 9/23/12there was a small update in software since last april ..no longer have any problems getting it out of stand-by after 24hrs or even 4-5 days of stand-by... but now making reservations is difficult because 75% of the time i can't click on the icons to finish teh reservation or should i say i don't know if i clicked on the icon ? they don't highlight, i click on em and nothing happens but then i'll check my email 5 min later and see that i just made 3 reservations at the hotel or i bought 2 train tickets ? it never went to a confirm page when i was trying to make reservation ...BING maps is difficult to use with the new software update ( again can't click on the icons ) ... i now consider this thing USELESS ... if one can't click on icons then it sits there ...60% i can't go BACK to previous web page ... i pretty much stopped using it last april (2012) .. was thinking of taking it to europe next week but after trying it out last week it just can't complete reservations and it's a pain to surf the web , will replace this with a android tablet when i return ... changed rating to 1 star ( from 2) ..will never again buy a RIM product/service ..
tablet_blackberry|I am dissapointed in the selection of applications. The WIFI range is very minimal as well. I would reccomend you do not purchase this product. The cost savings was not worth it.
tablet_blackberry|I cannot get this thing to turn on at all. I have tried everything, holding down the power button whilst holding the volume (+ & -) buttons and nothing works. I believe my device is defective. I called blackberry support and they suggested the same. Oh well, I will return the device on Tuesday. I am so disappointed.
tablet_blackberry|I was so excited to purchase this product on Cyber Monday. This is the only present my daughter got, since times are tough. She was beyond excited to receive it, until she tried to use it. It would not turn on when you wanted it to turn on, and it turned off in the middle of use! We could not get beyond that to even be able to use it... AND yes, we did charge it. She actually got to open it on Christmas Eve so that she could charge it.We were not too concerned since Amazon has such a great return policy, but found out that they were out of the tablet. Blackberry Playbook 7-Inch Tablet (16GB)
tablet_blackberry|I bought this partially b/c I thought I could try it out and see if I liked it and then resell if I didn't. I don't like the ipad or other 10' tablets b/c they seem too bulky. This had almost everything I wanted with HD video out, amazon video support but no neflix though, and if I switched plans to sprint I could get internet on the go too. This thing though, at least until someone puts android on it, is awful. The video is ok I guess but below other tablets, by a lot, and the swiping and browser really aren't smart. I can't figure out why the huge black border rather than more screen real estate. I can see why this company is going under b/c this thing won't even resell on craig's list and just opening and trying out how awful it is cost me about $100. Stay away at this point.
tablet_blackberry|I've always personally liked apple tablets, but this is a pretty good inexpensive alternative. The Kindle Fire is a better choice when it comes to getting a tablet at a great price.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008GFRDL0/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=390957&creativeASIN=B008GFRDL0&linkCode=as2&tag=wwwworkoutwei-20
tablet_blackberry|Hello, I would like to know why I have not received the package, I am very worried, please I except your information soon
tablet_blackberry|i had to return it because it is defective and blackberry tech support is the worst. it was a christmas gift so it makes it even worse
tablet_blackberry|I had an Asus tablet before this and loved it so this one just doesn't come close to it. If it wasn't for that the blackberry playbook might be okay. I just find it a little slow compared to the one I had before.
tablet_blackberry|&#8226;Do explain why you liked or disliked this product. &#8226;Do compare to similar products and share how long you've used this product. &#8226;Do identify specific attributes (e.g. comfort & fit of a shirt or the battery life of a camera) and whether they met your
tablet_blackberry|I got this for my friend for Christmas. I thought Blackberry was a sound product to get. When it came in the mail we test drive it. First it wasn't user friendly and the direction wasn't easy to follow. when we finally got it working we wanted to download some features like Netflix and other fun stuff, but all we got was third party problems. Needless to say we didn't get Netflix and we couldn't get our money back. This took about three hours talking with people from another country. So I had enough and set it back. I ended up getting my friend a kindle fire HD and he is very happy with it. So please save you money and buy something else. Merry Christmas everyone :)
tablet_blackberry|I give it 3 stars regrettably, because it would otherwise be a 5 star device:This is my 4th Blackberry (3 phones & a Playbook) & the 3rd time I've had this problem; the microconnector port is so cheap & flimsy that it has completely worn out & broken. It should be a mini- or micro-plug; much more durable. I cannot recharge my 16GB Wi-fi Playbook. It is less than 2 months old. Now BB Customer Support is doing the verbal idiot jig, resisting taking it back for repair. I've been on the phone with them now for 1.5 hrs. I'm neither kidding nor laughing. I've been real loyal to BB, but don't think they're even interested. Frankly, I agree with just about everything "just a guy" said (don't care much about the GPS or apps) & love the Playbook, but this makes me feel like a fool for sticking with them. Forewarned is forearmed.
tablet_blackberry|The Blackberry Playbook arrived as anticipated and has been working very well since. It functions very well and is small enough to easily carry.
tablet_blackberry|My playbook was not even six months old and the port to plug in the charger failed. I was always loyal blackberry consumer but now because I have not been satisfied with blackberry's response I will not endorse or purchase the brand again.
tablet_blackberry|Works pretty well, nice features, great screen, etc. But if you let the battery run down, good luck getting it to ever charge up again! From surfing around the web for a solution, looks like others have had this problem too. I spend 2+ hours on the phone with tech support, in 2 separate phone calls, to get this addressed. Tech support was friendly and helpful but confusing -- long procedure I had to do to try to fix it -- finally looks like I need to ship it for repair/replacement. Frustrating. Would not buy if I had it to do over.
tablet_blackberry|I tried the Black-bury and from day one the battery couldn't make it a day. Server problems when I traveled. It was slow downloading. Lost some information. Finally got a new one. Same crap. More often I wound up borrowing my daughters Kindle Fire and leaving the Black-bury at home. Other then that, poor customer support in my opinion. So, I finally sold it on craigslist for 1/2 of my original price. My opinion.....BURY the Black-bury.
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|In addition to the usual points about no native email or calendar and no Android apps, my reason for returning the Playbook is that it doesn't do what my BB Storm phone does so well:No auto type or personal dictionaryNo suggested spelling correctionsBB News has no list read featureNo Kindle appNo NYT appNo BB Travel app or WorldMate equivalentNo Google map appNo NetflixAlthough the screen is very nice and the keyboard is well designed, and the link to my cell phone without an additional data plan is great, it is less useful than my phone. The App World apps BB customers can get on their phones are NOT generally available. So not only do you not have the richness of Android app choices, you don't even have the more limited but adequate choices of apps available on BB phones!
tablet_blackberry|Write your reviews using the traditional review authoring page Need Customer Service? Or do you have feedback about writing product reviews?
tablet_blackberry|hi!!!! i buy this item on dic 26 2012 and i need it for a personal stuff but when i receive the package was empty and just reaped plastics bags was inside,then i don't really recommend to buy this product because no body help you after all
tablet_blackberry|After struggling to remain hopeful and faithful to RIM I have finally given up on the notion that they will be able to perfect or compete with the existing OS's out there.
tablet_blackberry|I don't really care for the Playbook. I got it for work and didn't have to pay for it but I'd rather have an android tablet or IPad.
tablet_blackberry|i am a high tech lover, i buy everything that comes out on the market including tablets, so i was interested as it was first blackberry product on its line, so i bought it and made a huge mistake. first of all it feels like it was made B.C, it has very bad quality screen, very cheaply made, also i have mentioned some dead pixels on it, pixels are seen clearly, i dont know what kind of low end technology is used but its crap, so what about software, soft is very buggy, not useful at all, no real and useful apps are made for it, game graphics are also creepy, i remembered 90's when i was playing my firs racing games when i played nfs on the playbook. so in a nutshell this tablet sucks! dont buy it, better add some more money and grab a tablet which is more reliable and usefull, this is just a waste of money
tablet_blackberry|I ordered this because I have had a Blackberry phone and loved it. But, this tablet does not live up to the phone. I have purchased games and I can't open them. I will be returning this item.
tablet_blackberry|About the only good thing I can say about this is it has a nice camera. I read the reviews before buying this and saw that it had excellent reviews. However, after purchasing these for my kids for Christmas, I learned about the only thing you can use it for is Facebook. There is no texting app, it is not a supported device for the google play store, and there are VERY FEW apps/games, etc available!! Spend the extra $40 and get a Kindle Fire HD!!! The free books you get on the Kindle will more than make up for the added cost. These things are terrible and they are going back!!!!
tablet_blackberry|there wasn't too much information about it so, I bought it without knowing it couldn't be connected to a data plan by any carrier!now I have to return it, loose 20% for re-stocking fee, and the 30 bucks for the next day shiping, and the fee for shiping it back! so, bad choice to buy electronics fron here! =o(
tablet_blackberry|Playbook is good for watching video and for music as it has 32 gb memory.Very limited apps, no support for amc, yelp, gtalk, chorme. If used ios then this device will look like junk.Better go for android or ios.Performance of default browser is poor and app launch are slow.Screen sensitivity is poor. RIM need to improve OS and provide better support for android apps.
tablet_blackberry|The price was $299.00 and was a new product competing with Apple and the "pre" Kindle tablet. Now $250.00. I can work with that.
tablet_blackberry|After owning the iPad 1 for quite some time, I decided to buy the 16GB Playbook on pre-Xmas sale that was hard to pass up. The intended use was mostly as a web browser. Well, even though I'm not returning it, I am disappointed.This is a tiny screen that (for me anyway) is hard to read, navigate, and use touch sensing with my fat fingers. My eyes get tired trying to read the microscopic text and gives me a headache. If you increase the font size to resolve this, then you see only a few words as the real estate gets very limited with this small display. It's also way too sensitive to gestures, and I find myself having to endlessly close advertising and other windows I never intended to open.Lastly, it's not as intuitive as the iPad. Maybe I just got used to the iPad, but I sincerely believe it's a much better tablet despite its hefty cost. 10" in my mind is minimum that any tablet screen size should practically be, and the Playbook for this reason doesn't cut it. Like I said, for a couple bills it's worth it as an extra tablet, but not much more than that and not as a primary tablet.
tablet_blackberry|I bought the 16GB from Best Buy and have been thoroughly disappointed with my purchase. Let me first say that if you are looking for a fully capable Flash tablet, don't buy the Playbook. Go to [...] and test out the Flash capibilities of the tablet you want to buy. I should have done this but didn't because the Playbook at the local Best Buy location was not connected to their WiFi and the sales guy didn't know the password to unlock the demo mode.Anyhow, the touchscreen isn't as responsive and as accurate as an iPad. When browsing the internet, it took multiple touches and sometimes a few forceful touches before a link would be accepted. There were times when the wrong link kept getting "fired" even though I would enlarge the screen and made sure I touch the link I wanted. The app selection is very limited. There isn't an ESPN app. There isn't a Bank of America app nor a Chase app. I tried to download a few free games for my 18-month old and there weren't any. The Playbook ran surprising slow even though it is a dual-core 1GB processor. I did download a bunch of games and none of them appeared in the games "section". The Playbook automatically placed these game icons in the apps "section".I am disappointed with the Playbook and am now stuck with it because Best Buy has a restocking fee. I am still trying to get my hands on a Touchpad but am also feverishly trying to convince my wife to let me buy the Lenovo K1 Android 3.1 tablet (but not without first test driving it at the local Best Buy).
tablet_blackberry|I have an Ipod 1, but when I saw the BB Playbook 64 GB for $300 from the BB store, I figured...why not....64GB model $400 off...PROS;Nice OSNice graphics/screenResponsive actionNice size allows faster typing than Ipad.WordExcelDrag and drop files to and from Playbook and PC or MAC easilyEasy to transfer songs from your Itunes libraryCONS;Fewer appsNo NetflixNo email client (BIG CON FOR ME)Screen small for serious gaming graphics and play compared to Ipad.I love the fact that I can put anything I want on my BB PB without having to jailbreak.I wish I could take the best attributes of the Playbook and the Ipad and make a hybrid with the best features of both because I like certain aspects about each one.
tablet_blackberry|El producto tiene muy buena apariencia y la calidad de pantalla y procesador son bastante buenos, sin embargo se congela constantemente y se debe reiniciar. No lo recomiendo.
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|This should be better then on the BB forums where raving fan boys despise anything realistic but negative about BB in general. I took the PB to Colorado to use the mapping function at the B&B as we went sightseeing. That was a fail, browser was very slow and the WiFi was upstairs at the B&B&. Left it on night stand for a week or so and now I'm restoring the PB by doing a OS reinstall. SO far It loaded on the 12 or 14th attempt. Tonight after charging for three days the browser froze as usual and I tried a reboot and will not proceed beyond the initial script where it says Play Book.I will now do a OS reinstall again. Once it is up and running it will go up for sale! I have no blind loyalty to any piece of plastic inanimate object like so many in the forums. It needs to work as advertised with minimal effort or my money goes elsewhere. Be it a truck, clothes phone etc. RIMM has lost 97% market value for all the reason already posted.I'm just sharing that this product is mediocrity at its finest and will join my old Torch 9800. My one year old 'new Atrix2' is what the Torch should have been in format and functionality. But here we are. Soon I will be a former BB user of 6 years and will no longer hold out that the "NEXT ONE" will be the fix. Good luck to the blind loyal owners. Hope it works out really do I do not want to see RIMM fail but such are businesses and it part of the cycle.This Play Book was working ok for the most part until the battery went dead. A known issue as many manufacturers do they gamble that is is cheaper to fix one by one then a massive recall or acknowledge a problem and provide a fix. In this case it hurt RIMM.I would not recommend a PB for any price to anyone. I will be looking to see what the 10" Android models offer; and move on from there. Do they have issues sure just read the forums. Will you spend three days reloading the OS to see if it works after two hours per episode for the set up drill? Maybe not. I do have to perform a battery pull on my Atrix on occasion, but not anywhere near the frequency of the Torch 9800. Anyway, hope this helps Please read the BB forums before you buy one, but do not take my word alone as a dissatisfied owner. Look and research some more and see for your self.
tablet_blackberry|I bought this &iacute;tem for my pre-teen daughter as a birthday present. NOT good idea at all. Such a few Apps were atractive for her, but ok, she was using it. Suddenly one day it just didn't charge the battery any longer, so we ask here and there and we found out it was a little "issue" that some of the Playbooks had but you had to do this and that to make ir work again, and NOT for us, anything worked and now all we have is expensive garbage because claims are available for a month. Wish you luck if you decide to buy it.
tablet_blackberry|The Blackberry Tablet is an OK Tablet if you need to use a Blackberry for Work email and want a larger format to view and communicate with email using a larger touch screen keyboard than using the small buttons on the Blackberry Phone. The browser works fairly well - WiFi connections are OK. Bluetooth connections are sporatic - with the phone.The Phone must be close to the playbook to use the Blackberry Bridge feature - which is nice if you are on a train or in a car commuting to/from work (not the driver). But the connection sometimes stops or doesn't connect.The Screen is AWESOME - probably the best feature.Overall OK - it only cost $199....so, I'm not unhappy, just wish the performance was better and the bugs were fixed.
tablet_blackberry|I really, really wanted to like this tablet- as everyone knows, it has great hardware and to be able to get a 64 gb unit for $300 is a good deal in any book. But at the end of the day, I found myself saying "wow, I wish I could ____ this on this tablet like I could on any other, but I can't." Here's a pros and cons list:PROS:-Great OS: I really like the interface, the multitasking is phenomenal (you can watch other applications in the background), it was fast.-Browser is great, all web sites rendered normally.-HD display is phenomenal. Really, really good.-Sound quality: My friend has an iPad2 and this blew the speakers on that unit away. True stereo.-HDMI out- plugs right into TVs, no problem. Nice.-Blackberry bridge: I used this with a blackberry phone on a trip (my friend's phone) and it worked perfectly out of the box. No tethering fee and didn't need to pay for wireless.-Fully accessible file system, unlike iPad.-Loved the size and the way it fits in your hand.-Good value for the hardware.-Has word, excel, etc. on it in mobile form.now, the OTHER list:CONS-NO APPS!!!!! The Blackberry app store is a JOKE. Half of them (literally) don't even work- the developers only made it to get a free playbook as per a deal Blackberry offered. Netflix, etc- nope. Yes, there's an update coming, but not all andriod apps will be available, and there's no indication Netflix/Hulu will be there. Not that this is a dealbreaker on its own, but the selection will be extremely limited, unless you want to sideload. But you shouldn't have to! (Note: the browser will NOT run netflix, don't even try). There's not even a dictionary app that works. DON'T UNDERESTIMATE HOW MUCH THIS SUCKS. I initially said, "I'll just use it to browse the web, no big deal," but other tablets can now browse the web just as well.-No e-mail client. Will also be fixed with next OS. This was never a big deal to me as GMail worked fine on the browser-No text autocorrect, and it was difficult to place the cursor in an active text field.-Some features just didn't work. For example, I should have been able to access my Playbook as a Samba server wirelessly. I couldn't.-Bluetooth audio doesn't work. Not available with the software. Why they didn't include this is beyond me.-Last but not least: RIM is a company with a questionable future that is completely tone deaf to the needs and wants of their customers. Their software is consistently delivered late and underwhelming. Contrast this to Google or Apple, two major innovators who are constantly pumping out new products that make life easier. There is just no comparison. Why jump on the sinking ship?Bottom line: I ended up returning it. If you want a tablet, get one that runs Android. You can just do so much more with it at the end of the day. The only thing that makes this truly unique is the multitasking, but I think Android's multitasking gets you 90% of the way there. Background tasks can run, but you can't actively monitor them all at once. No big deal.Sorry, RIM- maybe I'll buy another one for $99 WHEN (not if) they have a fire sale, but not for more than that.
tablet_blackberry|It took two days of tech support for me to get my tablet working. It seems i got the thing right as an update came out. It cant upload the upgrade without a full charge. But the first call the guy couldnt tell me to leave the tablet on to charge. So even with it plugged in all night, still no charge. No that it does work. Very nice. I just cant get the adobe program for the libr and no netflicks yet.
tablet_blackberry|She thought she wanted a tablet, but for some reason it seems too difficult for her, the blackberry has very few apps in their store also.
tablet_blackberry|I contacted Blackberry RIM, and they were great! My tablet will be repaired or replaced since the warranty was in effect, and they covered shipping. I am a Blackberry happy camper again!
tablet_blackberry|I bought this in April 2012 and in Nov the charger plug in got pushed in. How this happened is unknown but I called the manufacture and they had me send it in. Then in Dec I heard from them something about a PIN # which I gave them but they said its wrong yet it my only tablet. I ask in Dec to have it sent back broken they said OK!! Well its Jan 2013 and its lost I've called but they cant give me any info on it because of some numbers that I never got. So I am out a tablet and my money. Being disabled and bought this for some enjoyment I am 95% bed ridden. Buy Kindles at least Amazon is a honest and fair company to work with!!! I wish they had zero stars for how upset I am!!! So you know I dont blame the seller but the MANUFACTURER FOR BLACK BERRY PLAYBOOKS!!!!!
tablet_blackberry|Ok, I just got home with my new playbook, and I've been stopped cold in my tracks. After going through the initial setup screens without any issues, creating a blackberry ID etc when I gets to the software update screen, I keep getting a message that it could not connect to the update server and I have NO WAY to proceed?!?!???I REALLY hope someone at blackberry reads this review because this is completely unacceptable.Now, first about me, I am a techie and have many many devices, the latest price-drop on the blackberry was just too tempting to pass up, and I will see this problem through and get this device working, but what in the world was Blackberry thinking in locking this device from being used unless you updated??? I realize they want to ensure everyone is running the most recent version, but this is NOT the way to do it. I would imagine your average less-technical person would simply give up in frustration and return the item to the store and buy another device. RIM CANNOT afford to take this hardnose aproach like this given their market share and current standing in the industry. I did manage to find after googling that I can do a forced update via the desktop software, but seriously folks that is not how you want to start a relationship with a new customer, make them spend hours (I am already past hour one as I now wait for the desktop software to download from RIM at a pathetic 20Kbps, reminds me of the old modem days).As I said, I'm sure I'll enjoy this device once I get it up and running, but come on, this is totally insane, simply preventing people from using their new device because for wahtever reason it cannot connect to an update server?
tablet_blackberry|The number of defects in this machine's software? Too many to keep track of. Never have I seen a device of such genius put together in such an utterly defective way. I am baffled, shocked, and outraged that they shipped this machine to customers. It's clearly not done. And that's after months of free operating system upgrades!Don't buy it unless you like working around other people's mistakes. You will just be buying into hour after hour of aggravation.
tablet_blackberry|I won't say this is a bad tablet . It is built with solid materials , the quality is even better than the samsung galaxy tab 7 which I just bought to replace the playbook . it has surrounding speakers which looks so cool on it . galaxy tab 7 only has 2 speaker on one side btw .However , it's own appworld is way way out dated . You can hardly find anything worthy to download to your tablet . It's sharp 5m pix camera and 3m pix front face camera can only be used between playbook users . It's internet browser is not that stable like what the others said , it crashes sometimes . I waited for 4 weeks to get their 2.0 os , which claims to support repacked android apps to run on playbook , but the process is way too complicated , and really , there isn't many apps can be repacked successfully after all .I wish I could have returned my playbook in 30days after purchasing , but I couldn't , so I had to sell it for $160 to some college student who just want to get a touch of the "tablet" .So , if you are like the student who just need some surfing web , watch youtube videos , checking emails etc , you got yourself a good deal to get this decent tablet for $200 .You want to skype , play some free games and some other cool apps , go some other android tablet.
tablet_blackberry|I was looking for a tablet to use for work using .docs, .ppts, contacts, etc.. Bought this off amazon and immediately tried to turn it on and it wouldn't work. Called support, they told me to let it charge overnight. Did that, still wouldn't turn on. Plugged it into the computer and updated to OS2, that finally worked. So, to get it to a point of where I could register the dang thing, it took me about a day and a half. I wasted about 2-3 hours searching crackberry forums for other issues that came up as well with just the installation part. Tried to register it and it kept freezing and would not allow me to type in correctly. Maybe I just bought a "dud" but, I did a fair amount of research before purchasing and thought I got a decent product. However, through the process of trying to get it work, I was exposed to way too many problems that were going on with the tablet. Just wasn't worth it. I sent it back to amazon and now have a Samsung Galaxy 7.0. which I am very happy with. Took it out of the box and worked instantly and now i have access to droid app market, netflix, and an awesome tablet that does all the work I need it to do.
tablet_blackberry|It is not a versatile product at all. Lack of Apps available for this product. Would not recommend this product to anyone.
tablet_blackberry|I bought a Playbook in January 2012. Never got it to register and work, therefore had to return it. They sent a new one. It was working fine till a month ago until it started having difficulty charging. It then no longer wanted to charge. I bought a new Blackberry Playbook charger thinking that might be the problem. To no avail. I spent two days on the phone(big cell phone expense)with a RIM incidence response person. He just repeated the same solutions I read on the Playbook forum on the Blackberry site! When it had gotten to the point where he had to ask/talk to his boss multiple times, putting me on hold everytime, and then suggesting installing Windows XP with service pack 3!!! Ludicrous! That's the kind of help I got from their support department. Put on hold multiple times, the last time for more that 15 minutes! I was polite and courteous the whole time so they can't blame lousy behavior on my part.So, I am now stuck with a dead brick! Stay off RIM junk! No support and no help!
tablet_blackberry|Text editing is very difficult. The Playbook does not provide the bubble that allows you to place the cursor accurately. There is a feature that replaces that, but i could only get it to work in the Word processor. Furthermore, if you're expecting the device to correct your typing errors like in the iPad, you can forget it.The business applications on this tablet device only work when you're phone is connect. Even then, they only present a subset of the phone's functionality. For example, adding a new entry in the calendar application does not allow you to set the status as tentative, a feature that does exist in Blackberry phones.I wish i hadn't wasted money on this garbage.
tablet_blackberry|This table does not turn me never worked since I got home in the city of Maracaibo Venezuela, and not return it .. table does not help me never prendido.Por Please how do I return it and give me one in replacement ..?
tablet_blackberry|I tried to like this, but I just couldn't get any of the programs that I needed. The ones I could get were not user friendly. The ePub programs do not link readily and highlighting was not a quick do. So, I'm sorry, I really tried to be happy with this, but I moved on to iPad mini and am thrilled.
tablet_blackberry|I really cannot rate this item properly because it arrived damaged and never worked.It did look really nice and I was hopeful. But I just returned it back to Amazon.
tablet_blackberry|EXCELLENT PRODUCTThe tablet is real goodARE APART OF FASHIONI enjoyed Verda are beautifulRecommend them to ALLCOMPRENLOSCOMPRENLOS
tablet_blackberry|I bought this tablet with around $235 during 2011 Black Friday holidays. I would say this tablet has nice quality in terms of its hardware. You can feel it when you hold it in hand. However, since its system is not android and instead is one that is newly developed by a company called RIM, it causes a serious problem that most of the popular applications (which you are now probably using every day) you find in either android or ios are not supported here. In other words, this tablet has nice hardware (for example, camera in front and back, nice speakers and recorder etc.), while it is embarrassing that there are no good apps to take advantage of those. You may hear that you can convert android apps and then use them on this playbook. I would say I tried that and it does help a little, but still it is far from making you satisfied. Right now, this thing sits in my backpack every day, but to be honest, I don't even remember when is the last time I took it out.
tablet_blackberry|was ok...product came quick but i dont 100% love the features and limitations...I expected it to be able to do more
tablet_blackberry|This pad is nice looking, but a little heavy. I don't print which is a big oversight. It has locked up way too often. Overall the pad is ok if you are not in need of the best and fastest pad. The price is reflective of the overall performance.
tablet_blackberry|I should have had more trust in the bad reviews of the playbook. I chalked it up to people not knowing how to use it. Please trust your instincts and realize that support and working apps are not showing up for this product. And from what i can see, they are never going to. I spent 3 months trying to except that all devices have learning curves. If it wasn't for the fact that i got this just before my daughters wedding and it has videos on it that i now have no way to get off, i probably would have returned the piece of junk. I have been a blackberry fan for years and thought i would be served well by the playbook---what a nightmare. Other than the beautiful high quality video, there is NO redeeming qualities to this product! The last attempt to try and get past wanting to crush it into power was 7 (yes 7) hours on the phone with tech support... Not one shred of resolution. Please think twice before buying one of these, its not worth $2. I can't sync to my computer - resolution, buy a different computer - perhaps. Can't display about half the PDF files - yea, thats because of how they were generated. Can't hear audio file and see picture - playbook doesn't see many file extensions. I am only surprised that several people think this playbook is worth having.
tablet_blackberry|After I have made a latest updated on my playbook 64GB (2.1.0.1088)last September 2012 the camera on my playbook has stopped working.I have no image on both, front and rear camera, and when I want to take a picture, it gives me ERROR.4003 picture. I have been browsing the WEB for solution and there is none..!! No one cares..!! There's not Blackberry customer service in my country Ecuador.. Do not buy this item..!!!
tablet_blackberry|RIM doing big mistake by blocking very good features like GPS as always done on its phonesbut ultimately now Apple and Android rules market...RIM will be wipedout unless they change the way of doing this kinda service....everything else are great...very bad for navigation...it reads the wifi address as the gps location, then created 3g hotspot on my mobile for data connectivity, now based on cell triangulation it shows my cell phone location as its gps location...am not sure whether PB is designed to lock sat signals...tried with magellan / google maps etc...only couple of apps works but those are not good for navigation.so finally i have given this son to play...
tablet_blackberry|Antes de realizar esta compra deberian de saber que muchas de las tablet de bb de 16 gb salieron con defecto de fabrica. nosotros compramos 3 tablet y funcionaron dos sin problema, una salio fallada y tuvimos que retornarla...
tablet_blackberry|I've tried several tablet pc's, including Google's android and Dell's Streak. None met my hopes or expectations. So, since I have a Blackberry Torch Smart Phone, I thought purchasing the Blackberry Playbook would be a perfect match.Boy, was I wrong! Some other reviewers have mentioned the "coming soon" promises that have not delivered. Come on, Blackberry! What's your problem?I love the ease of use. The touch screen, all of it. But, at this moment, that's about all I love. I have Amazon's Kindle for Blackberry Smartphone but my eyes can't deal with it. I'd HOPED that with the playbook, and synchronization, I'd be able to read the 150 Kindle books I've bought on the playbook. Turns out Blackberry does not have the Kindle app for the playbook. I've searched for go-rounds to get the Kindle app, and found several, but, good grief! The complicated steps to go through to get it have almost driven me over the edge. I download this, download that, and when I try to install/activate it, I'm told it is not recognized.Maybe Blackberry will get into the act and bring their Playbook into the 21st Century. I'm not going to wait. I think I'm going to return it.UPDATE: June 19, 2011Regarding the Kindle issue. I should have added that I found the Crackberry site where there are instructions on how to sideload the app for Android. Tried to follow very carefully, but all I ended up with were icons on my pc desktop that go nowhere. Even the DDPB installer doesn't work. Clicking on it, this pops up: "not java! close app!" and I had just previously downloaded the Java, even though I already had it installed. And the .bar extension seems to be unrecognized by Windows.Then I found out I could access my Kindle books--over 150 of them--through The Cloud. Except The Cloud is only available through the Chrome and Firefox browsers. Chrome is my default browser on my PC, so I thought, "Cool, I'll just install Chrome on the Playbook. No dice. It downloads. It appears on the Playbook list when I opened "downloads" but it won't install. The Playbook doesn't recognize it. I'm not a greenhorn when it comes to technology but that sideload stuff gave me a headache. No matter how many times I watched the video, starting and stopping it to try to keep up, I got nowhere.So, all in all, a very unsatisfactory experience. I think I'm going to look into the Kindle Fire. At least I KNOW it will let me read my Kindle books. Or maybe I'll just give up on a tablet and stay with my plain vanilla Kindle reader.The Playbook is being returned. Thanks, Amazon, for making returns so easy and painless.
tablet_blackberry|This was the first time i have bought an electronic device through Amazon and the experience was fantastic. The delivery time was quicker than they mentioned and the price in comparison to the local dealers was much better. I haven't had a problem with the playbook and i would recommend everyone to shop online as it is safe and hassle free.Cheers.Reinhard
tablet_blackberry|I am so disappointed. Just got this today and it's dead, it wont start up not even with the charger attached. Amazon is giving me a refund but I want to exchange it. By time they refund my account the price may go up. This just sucks.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004UL34GW/ref=oh_details_o03_s00_i00Update:. Received my second Playbook. This thing is made real well and would be so much better if I could download Android apps. The app I need most on this devise is Kindle but there is no kindle app for playbook. Now I can't even read the Kindle cloud online because of some sort of update to this devise. It tells me to update my browser but there is no update for playbook that satisfies the cloud reader. I don't know if it is Amazon or blackberry that is causing this problem but I wish I had never bought this damn thing. It's turned out to be a huge waste of my money. I would not recommend this devise to anyone.
tablet_blackberry|I bought the Playbook a few months back. Everything was great and I had no problem connecting it up to my computer. Then they issued the new OS .358 "upgrade." Now it won't sideload as Windows Vista can't find the drivers. 20 hours on the internet and five hours with Blackberry tech support to no avail. And you know I'm not the only person having issues since .358. We shouldn't have to go through this, Research In Motion should have thoroughly tested the new "upgrade" before issuing it -- and the "upgrade" is mandatory. Worse, they don't even provide the drivers for it on their website. I mean even the cheapest mouse on the market you can get the drivers for it. Up until .358 I would have given the Playbook 4 ****, one * off for not having download capacity with common sites such as Amazon and Barnes & Noble. But now it's practically useless to me except for surfing the net and playing video games downloaded from Blackberry Apps. So now, I have to give it 1 * mainly as an portable internet device. I am furious at RIM for screwing the pooch on this one. The only thing I can say is that if you have the money, buy the iPad.
tablet_blackberry|I really tried to like this tablet. It is sleek, powerful, but does not have access to the apps that are available to even less expensive tablets. Hated to send it back, hope they catch up to the rest of the pack.
tablet_blackberry|I knew the mini usb port seemed weak whem I received the Playbook in Febuary....sure enough went to plug it in for a charge...no go.............either the port or cable is damaged. BTW I am 60 plus and babied the thing........too bad as I have to drive over an hour just to get it to the geek squad and they say weeks for a repair.......crap.
tablet_blackberry|I have had my playbook for a little under 2 years now and i can say that is has gotten almost no use. I always appreciated the size of the playbook and sold a first generation iPad to justify splurging. What a disappointment this product has been. The battery life does not even touch the next worst competitor, and a standby time of less then 48 hours will drive anyone crazy. I now have an iPad mini and a nexus 7, two far superior tablets that offer the same kind of portability of the blackberry with much better operating systems. QNX is promising but in two years there have been only minor fixes while iOS and Android devices have received entire new versions and countless new hardware offerings. When i first purchased this i was using a bold 9700, bridge support was SO SLOW it was unusable. SD Card support through bridge was the slowest part. The tethering feature on my iPhone feeds data to all my devices and works a million times better.My biggest complaints areBuggy browser - just try reading a news blog. You are constantly forced to "re-find" your scroll position when navigating. Its been long enough this issue should have been addressed by now.Terrible standby time - Its just unacceptable. Blackberry phones were much better then this, what happened?Lack of app's - Speaks for itselfBlackberry bridge - Slow Slow Slow Slow Slow.... I got tired of snail speed on the blackberry itself as well.All in all this device is no longer relevant on todays market. if you are shopping for a low cost tablet i recommend staying far away from the Blackberry and looking at the popular offerings from Apple and Google.
tablet_blackberry|I just bought the playbook today and so far it is not bad. I am actually writing this review on the playbook, which is no problem because of the flash support.Let's start with getting browser, it is one of the best on any mobile device, ithink that safari is the worst browser, it usually takes a few seconds longer go load webpage over a wifi connection than on an Android phone. And this with flash which according to apple slows down a device. The playbook browser is quite fast, not as fast as windows 8. Pages are displayed almost perfect, sometimes objects are a little off, notice big though. Pinch to zoom is really smooth.The screen is really good,HD videos look really clear and colourfull.The email client is one of the best.The notification is kind of cool, when a new email comes in, first a little red dot starts glowing in the upper left corner of the screen, and then can swipe down to see the notification, though it's not necessary to pull down a bar over the entire screen. The notification maybe takes up ten percent of the screenI had a little problems with the setup, when he agreement loaded I couldn't swipe so you. Had to restart after this everything was running.Apps are of course not really available. The most popular ones are there.Multitasking is on the same level as android and very smooth and productive.To sum up,If u one of us Americans who like to be actually able to get some work done and don't like to ducked into apple's ecosystem, where u have to buy apps to get some basic functionality and prefer to use windows then this is the device for if you don't want an android tablet. This device is aimed at business and professionals, if u just want to check some mails and want to use a lot of apps then get another devicdThe biggest drawback for the blackberry playbook is the not available kindle app.UPDATENow after a few days of use i would only give 1-2 stars, the not availability of apps is just killing the device. Sideloading can't be counted in, considering that it is technically illegal(you take apps licensed for android and then put them on the playbook, a device not covered in most apps terms of agreement).And the LONG charging times are just awful, it takes 4 hours to charge 40%? basically 10% per hour, that's 10 hours for a full charge, which means it's not really usable day-to-day.
tablet_blackberry|While the technology is fundamentally sound, there is so much on the consumer side you can't do on this device I can't recommend it. Hard to believe it's called a Playbook, when you can't play major sites on it - no Hulu streaming, no Netflix streaming. This stuff is basic, if you want to be in the tablet business. While I appreciate they want the business market, if they can't keep consumers happy, businesses won't buy because their people will say "no thanks". So while RIM could have had a competitive devise, this doesn't cut it.
tablet_blackberry|...been a good tablet. My experience with the 32GB Blackberry PlayBook was both frustrating and bordering on maddening. During the initial start-up and subsequent setup, this device froze twice. Only a third restart got me to the software/firmware update 2.0. and that in itself was laboriously slow to complete.Once going, only a handful of built-n apps opened. Others froze or were very slow. I performed a "security" sweep twice (which deletes all data and re-insetalls the original OS; however, it also then upgrades to 2.0 which again repeats that long process, and I encountered the same previous problems.Wi-fi worked well, the screen is decent, and the build quality is better than average and the device feels very substantial.The PlayBook was a fail for me. Apps froze, wouldn't open, or just plain felt not yet ready for prime time. The Print-to-go app was a disaster and would not work at all telling me I wasn't connected to the internet. I was connected at full strength.Seemingly, from reading the other reviews here, I must have gotten a lemon, but decided not to try another Playbook. I hope your luck fares better than mine.
tablet_blackberry|This item is just extremely hard to play with, and that is not all if you call Blackberry you will be sorry you called them. Not only the item ishard to navigate, the service assistance will make you cry.
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|una experiencia de usuario genial con blacberry y sus aplicaciones, documents to go y las adicionales, ideal para ir a la U
tablet_blackberry|Small & buggy. Wish this company would learn from past mistake and stopped to release unfinished products. The software is incredibly buggy and lacks the numbers of apps present on other platform. I returned it few days after receiving it.
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|I got this thing at the cutrate pricing of $199. Within a day or two, it was clear it isn't worth the price paid because it lacks even the most basic productivity apps, such as email, calendar and contacts. Although I knew this when I got it, I rationalized that I could use the web apps for Gmail and Google calendar until the 2.0 update arrives sometime eventually whenever. But frankly, web apps with this browser don't come close to replicating the smooth operation of a native app. And then there is the third party apps that aren't. No Netflix, no Mint, no Hulu, no Square, no Kindle, no Nook, no Google books, not much of anything really. RIM pushed out a pretty but nearly functionless tablet that can't compete with Android and iOS devices. Skip it at any price and go for the better established ecosystems of Android and iOS.
tablet_blackberry|It's okay for web browsing but if you want it for the apps they are not that great. They are more expensive than amazon/android apps and most of the "free" apps are just free trials or very limited ( it tells you if you want the full game you must purchase it). It says you can get android apps, but they just put SOME android apps on the blackberry app world and they are more expensive than what they are on amazon. I have had it almost a month now and when I go into certain apps it freezes the screen and only shows 1/4 of the app and the rest of the screen is black. When you exit out of that app and try to go into another one it does the same thing, you have to restart it in order to fix it. It takes FOREVER to turn on and restart (longer than my home computer and lap top). My husband just uses it for web browsing and he likes it so he will keep it and I am getting a kindle.
tablet_blackberry|The playbook could be awesome and I thought I couldn't lose for less than two hundred dollars! (I just bought it in December of 2011. It is fast, multi-tasking and has apps. It plays Youtube and surfs the web on wifi great! It has front and back cameras that will do video conferencing and regular video. It has a HDMI plug in.I am not really a tech nerd, but am finding a lot of stuff I wish it did!.....Here are the negatives.-If you get 3 or 4G it has to be tethered or run off a hotspot. (It is only WiFi) I knew this buying it,but now find there are several options within a close price point.-There is a promise that it will run a lot of Android Apps, but this sucks, too, because the Blackberry App world is very limited and they charge you three or four times the cost android charges for apps such as angry birds! There are very few good apps that work on the Playbook right now. It is clear Blackberry is doing whatever they can to make a buck on apps and keeping the android market away from us.-There is hype about movie apps, but right now there is nothing....No Netflix, no Amazon, no Hulu no nothing!-GPS does not work enough or have apps that work to be usable.-HDMI means nothing without movie apps.-The video conferencing is a joke at this point unless you know someone else who has a playbook that you can use it with. There are no decent apps that work with a PC.-The video camera (3mp) shoots extremely grainy indoors.-It has no memory card expansion slots. (I should have considered this more heavily before purchase)If RIM actually comes through on Netflix and other movie apps, opens up the android market, and develops a Skype app, I will revise my review.My advice is...... spend a little more money and get the true android market, true video conferencing, and the option of 4G. The devices I would buy would be the HTC EVO Tablet that is just out for only three hundred, or the Le Pan II for less than three hundred.I found out too late why the Playbook never took off. It is a shame, too, because the hardware is great, it is just the fact Blackberry is trying to squeeze out as much as they can through selling apps and screwing their customers that ruins it!
tablet_blackberry|First off, I admit I have ordered this from RIM directly where it was $199. I wish I HAD ordered it from Amazon. At this point, I have a shipping confirmation, my account has been charged- but saw a post (possibly here) for whom the same sequence of events transpired, yet did not receive the product. In trying to ascertain if this will be the case for me, I made futile attempts to contact Customer Support. You cannot get a human, and the recording said my purchase number was too long! To make matters worse, emails from RIM are not delivered-just a robot email for various blackberry phone issues, plus directions to a forum and FAQ. I cannot get my order cancelled even! Frankly, after what I have experienced plus viewing the reviews here-I hope it never arrives. I do not want to purchase equipment that the company does not stand behind, or "hides."RIM seems to have a reputation as a well-made product, but it appears from other posters that is a false assumption on my part. If it ever does arrive, I will post an update. But be forewarned- Customer Support is hideously bad. Update: I did receive it, in 10 days. I am very glad I did not pay full price for this, as it won't do much. The camera takes decent photos, but they cannot be exported anywhere. It was my understanding there was a USB port (so I could download photos from my camera)- there is not. No photos out; no photos in. It cannot play any films from my Photobucket website; it also cannot play streaming audio from WLAC dot com. There is no app for kindle. I had purchased this to take on vacation, as the iPad is too big. Now sure what to do now. About the only good things I can say about this involves the hardware: the size is perfect; the picture is superb. Downloading sometimes takes 5 minutes for some sites; other sites load faster than my iPod touch. It seems like a quality-built product whose software is sorely lacking. There is an update coming out next month which is said to enable it to run android programs. But I doubt that it will come in time for my vacation; so for now its just an expensive paperweight. I now give it 2 stars for its durable constraction and nonskid surface.
tablet_blackberry|So I'm pretty disappointed with the playbook. But I must say I do love it. Blah Blah Blah Yackitty Yackitty.
tablet_blackberry|Blackberry would freeze and was very slow. I purchased this for my business and was unable to download the necessary applications. The camera was very low grade. I'm a blackberry fan but not a fan of this tablet.
tablet_blackberry|I don't really like blackberry to begin with and i would never buy this. I won this at an event and let me tell you, this is not worth it. First of all, there aren't any good apps for this device. The RIM OS is horrible. And do not turn the device off or let it die. Once you do you will spend 5 hours just getting this thing to turn on. the power button is so tiny. You cant even press it down without hurting your fingers. When you are finally able to press the button you get a whole bunch of lights flashing you don't even know what is going on. After pressing the button 5 times u can get the device to turn on. But again when its on you have nothing to do on it except go on Facebook or browse the web. This tablet sucks. don't waste money on this go buy an ipad or an android tablet.
tablet_blackberry|There are quite a few things the Playbook does right, great build quality, easy to use. But no Skype, about 20% of my time on a tablet is Skyping, I Skype all over the world traveling, 90% of the people I Skype do so on a PC so BB chat is great, but falls short. NO NETFLIX, deal breaker for me. I will have to return it even though I just love this tablet...And of course, no Kindle
tablet_blackberry|Just received my blackberry playbook today, and I am very torn. Being that I have the Blackberry Torch and love it.....I thought the playbook would be perfect for me. I can't download the Bridging software because I have AT & T. I can't use the bluetooth because I have AT & T. No calendar, no email,no contacts. Not sure I can justify the price of $500 for this new little gadget. So the bottom line is, if these are your needs, this thing is pointless. I guess I will be sending back, and purchasing the Ipad.I am rating this much better after finally getting through all the glitches with AT & T. Blackberry......you have got another great product.
tablet_blackberry|I bought this at Staples because I got $200 off. After only three days of use it locked up and the VERY cheap power outlet broke. This is my worse electronic purchase to date. I took it back and got the Acer. It cost $80 more but well worth it!
tablet_blackberry|Guys, if you want to utilize your life with a tablet as much as possible, buy iPad. You won't regret.Almost every website, web service, online banks and other companies support iPad only. That's why I am not happy with this playbook.I got this before Christmas last year as its price dropped to $200. The hardware is not good comparing to other tablets. I do not like a small power button. It is like reset button in other devices . It is too small for large hands and hard to on off. The biggest disappoint is far fewer apps comparing to iPad apps. There are no Asian language input available. One day I contacted customer service and should waited for long time, did not solve at all and received several emails after that. Few weeks later I found my cell phone bill was higher than usual because the customer service office was in Canada which I was not aware of.I'd rather buy an iPad even it is two-times more expensive.*******Not many apps--apps usually more expensiveNot available Hulu videosMost of podcasts are not up-to-dateNo Asian language inputslow wifi connectionI've learned that Amazon reviews is not helpful to people who are consider to buy products on Amazon. It can be manipulated by people who get benefits from it.Could please someone explain why this device has not been successful so far in real world although many people on Amazon appraise its real worth? Please especially people who've given such good reviews.
tablet_blackberry|I have an Ipad, Asus Android Pad and the playbook. Playbook does not cut it. The other two are just better in all ways. I gave the playbook every chance wanting to like it but I will be giving it away because I have had it to long to take back. It will probably piss off who ever I give it to.
tablet_blackberry|I bought a 16 Gbyte playbook six weeks ago and now I see that RIM is halting production and getting out of the tablet market. Also, the price is now discounted by 30% - let the buyer beware I suppose but seeing as I bought it based on the fact that they would continue development etc. etc. I have to say that I'll never buy another RIM (BlackBerry)device again.Such is the state of the market I guess -
tablet_blackberry|When I got the tablet I tried to activate it with no success. I got error 2012, 3000 and 132353 telling me that I can't activate the tablet. Finally the phone support at Blackberry tells me that the Blackberry Playbook I bought from Amazon.com is stolen and that they can't do anything else and "won't help me" (their exact words not mine). And now I am screwed. I got a 7 inch brick that does nothing.DON'T BUY THIS TABLET THROUGH AMAZON. Go to the store and see it for yourself. Activate it there and if it's ok, take it home.
tablet_blackberry|I bought a new one from amazon ...it became completely dumb within 2 weeks ...it is my first experience with blackberry ...and it will be the last one ...What kind of set can stop working after only 2 weeks ???!!!!!!!!!!!
tablet_blackberry|I bought a new BlackBerry playbook tablet device, but which I received a user was updated in the sense And there are no speakers of the head and the battery charger used There is no credibility and seriousness in dealing
tablet_blackberry|Did not work and I had to return to the owner. Still no response from him thou. Hope to get my money back if I can not get emotional pain back
tablet_blackberry|Do not waste your money buying this tablet. It is not compatible with pretty much ANYTHING social in this world.There is not a native SKYPE APP (nor VOXER or WHATSAPP..the list goes on), so you basically won't be able to video chat with anyone except for BB Playbook users specifically, very inconvenient.In other words, unless you are planning to use your BB Playbook for typing letters in Word, don't buy this bad-idea-for-entertaining-tablet.
tablet_blackberry|Let me warn you now! If you like the Android market or any apps that even resemble Androids, stay clear of this hunk of junk! BTW, hunk of junk it putting it nicely. Don't let other reviewers fool you! I bought this paper weight like many other fools, in the promises that BlackBerry and Rim were gonna do something great with it. I kept waiting and waiting, hoping their promises would come through but....NOTHING! Everyday I search on their sorry excuse for an app market and absolute garbage is all I find. I waited too long hoping it would get better now its too late to return it. Everyone I know has heard about how crappy this thing is! I can't give it away! So if you're planing on buying one of these anyway, do your self a favor and just go to the bank, get $225.00, grab a lighter and set your money on fire! It would do you just as good.Update: 6 months later and nothing has gotten any better. Still garbage! Do not waste your money!
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|Bought it after returning a cheap starter tablet that would not charge. This one was complicated and died after 4 days. BLACKBERRY, Outdated, Complicated
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|I like the size. I can keep in my bag. But I bought IPAD finally, because it's not user friendly.
tablet_blackberry|I am looking for a tablet for my 5yr. I have been doing reviews on several tablets and found the Nabi to be kid friendly but I also want one that he can grow with. Is this tablet kid friendly? What do you recommend?
tablet_blackberry|I'm so sad I didn't get a Kindle Fire. I already have a regular Kindle, which I still love, so I thought it would be redundant. Now I have a Great older Kindle, and a really slow, glitch, crappy Playbook. I would LOVE to trade both of them for one Kindle Fire, even though this borderline useless hunk of junk costed as much as a Fire. :-(The glitches are so bad it's really not even working, and so numerous I don't want to waste my time and frustrate myself further articulating it all. The worst is, slowness -sometimes to the point stopping or nearly stopping. It won't show your typing as you type, and sometimes takes so long to show the numbers, you have given up. The screen brightness always randomly fluctuates from super bright to super dim, and anywhere between.
tablet_blackberry|Spend a little more money and get a tablet that offers mainstream applications that are FREE. Not only is blackberry app world lacking in polished applications, but most of what is offered costs 99 cents and up. No skype or any of the popular FREE apps available for android or Apple and NO NETFLIX!!!!!! You can't even watch in the browser because there is no silverlight support. Don't be fooled by the reviews that say "it now has android support". This means nothing because you are limited by blackberry's weak application offerings....there is no android market here.I spent $199 for this and it doesn't get much use (my ipad gets used often). Battery life sucks with the playbook (3 hours max) and my tablet arrived with one green stuck pixel which looks lovely on a black background.The browser does play flash well however flash enabled sites often become tiresome to navigate because of the limited screen space and tiny controls. An example of this would be zillow.com. Try pinch, zoom, and scroll without opening advertisements or other content. Unless you have dainty hands it's impossible. Another reason applications are important, so the user can easily control what they are trying to accomplish.This review comes post install of the 2.0 update which has been waited for with bated breath by many and was suppose to "change everything" in terms of this tablet's usability (or lack thereof). With the 2.0 update you get a native mail app and buggy "android support". Pretty insulting for my $200 dollar investment.The volume (sound volume) rocker on top of the device lags horribly. Push the up or down buttons to change the loudness, and the effect happens 5-6 seconds later, along with a volume slider bar that appears on screen. You either end up turning the volume way too high or way too soft because of this.The OS software on the playbook takes about 3 or 4 minutes to boot up. Quite possibly the longest boot times in mainstream computing history. Reminds me of the old days with windoze 98 on an i386.These are my observations about the device based on my usage, and in comparison to the iPad/iOS and Android powered tablets (of which I also own). Some people seem giddy with excitement about the playbook while others are in my camp of disappointment (based on review readings here and elsewhere) so your mileage may very based on your level of standards, and whether or not you are a RIM fanboy or employee (the not-so-good reviews for this device are trolled by such people if you look closely)I have no allegiance to any device or company but this thing was clearly rushed to market. Lovely colors, smooth swiping, and 1080p mean nothing if utility is lacking. Software wise it's a joke, an expensive joke on ME. You can decide if the bargain basement price is enough to make the same mistake.If blackberry can fix the battery life and volume control with another update and give me Skype and Netflix for F R E E (don't nickel and dime me with your app world!!!!) then I'll change my review to 4 stars. The hardware has promise, The software as of today (even after the long awaited v2.0) does not.HINT: F R E E GPS software, to take advantage of the unutilized GPS capabilities of the playbook would get 5 stars. Why not sweeten the deal for those who do not want to play games like asphalt 6 and moden combat 2, of which you are also giving away.
tablet_blackberry|yo queria una playbook y decidi comprar usada por la diferencia de precio pero recibi una da&ntilde;ada.al comprar usada pense q eran de poco uso ademas en las descripciones dice como nueva pero no fue asi.era suficiente que funcionara bieni wanted a playbook and decided to buy a used one because the price but i got a damaged playbook.i thought buying this means pretty used, the descriptions say like new but it wasnt!i just wanted this works
tablet_blackberry|This looks like a pretty good tablet. However, I checked blackberry's website and they are selling it at a CHEAPER price. I just bought the 64 gb for $299.00 due to a sale that they were having. They are selling the 16 gig for $199 and the 32 gig for $249. Also, Blackberry stated on their website that they will be getting the android market in Summer of 2012. Looking forward to that. I hope this helps everyone in time before the sale is over. If Amazon's price was the same as blackberry's website then I would of given this product 5 stars!
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|This piece of junk is not even worth $199. Web browser is great but screen is tiny. Blackberry bridge is an absolute joke. For Blackberry to come out with a tablet that doesn't have native email support is an embarrassment. I'm pretty sure the new leapfrog explorer has more apps in it's catalog. You can't even download Angry Birds lol. I guess the developers of Angry Birds had realized that this piece of junk is not even going to be around long enough for them to finish porting over the game. Lets look at rimms stock prices June 16, 2008 $144 now Dec 14, 2011 $14.80, need I say more? Buy if you have nothing better to do with your $199.
tablet_blackberry|I purchased the Blackberry Playbook 1 year ago and found it is simply not a useful tablet. It was supposed to be the answer to the IPAD. It isn't! Plus, I was overcharged by $400 vs what they are selling for today. Don;t waste your money.
tablet_blackberry|It delivered early, but the product had problem. When I pushed apply on English language, there was no respond. Instead, other language was set; I was unable to collect function at all. I returned the porduct and dispute the charge because no refund was shown on the monthy statement.
tablet_blackberry|Paid almost twice this amount for the Blackberry Playbook with promise of great video and applications that never appeared. Battery dies fast. On button is nearly impossible to reach with a human finger, and once you find it, the Playbook takes forever to turn on.Almost NO applications available of any value. I can play hangman - at least that kind of fits the mood I'm in after seeing this failing product take a nosedive in price (an indication of market perception and reality of the poor design). Blackberry should change its slogan to "Too Little Too Late".I just lost at hangman again: B _ A _ _ B _ R R Y P _ A _ B _ _ K. :(I've got iPad envy...
tablet_blackberry|I have only one curiocidad, and the table can conextar a chip to communicate via telephone? has a slot for this purpose?[[ASIN:B004UL34GW Blackberry Playbook 7-Inch Tablet (64G
tablet_blackberry|We have an ipad but wanted to get something for our 8 year old daughter for her birthday and the ipad was too expensive so we bought this. It is so difficult to turn on and off that she cannot do it herself and i have broken several nails just trying to get the thing on! It is impossible to download movies. The selection of apps is pitiful in comparison to the ipad. We regret buying this, so don't make the same mistake as us!
tablet_blackberry|do not get waste of money keeps crashing save your money and buy a nexus 7 better faster and more reliable
tablet_blackberry|the price is too high. less amount for any tablet with similar features. money can be spent somewhere else.for the high $$$ price i rather have ipad
tablet_blackberry|I Thought Blackberry had Mastered the Playbook . But They have a VERY LONG Way to Go . I have been a LOYAL Blackberry Devices . However as of Now My Loyalty is Finished . I Bought the Playbook and It Kept Freezing Up on Me . Its VERY SLOW .
tablet_blackberry|First, this 1 star rating is NOT ONLY for playbook, but on overally blackberry products..I grabbed a playbook 16G at $199, thought it was a great steal, I was wrong! As a playbook owner of just 2 and half days, I have to say, the nightmare started from first minute!I know it is a 7-inch tablet, I know it is smaller than an Ipad or touchpad, but I didn't realize it is such small until i took it out of the box.. For an e-reader, possibly OK, but for surfing on the web or watching video, I have to say, 'too small'! If someone put a playbook and a Ipad side by side on a picture to show the size difference, I probably wouldn't buy it at the first beginning..The next thing surprised me, is a huge bright dead pixal right in the middle of the screen at the first minute of power-on. Well, i owe an ipad, 2 iphones, a corporate blackberry 9800 (the main reason i buy this playbook for), 3 laptops and 2 desktops with its matching LCD monitors. The last time I got a LCD device with dead pixal was probaby 5 years ago. Come on blackberry, where is your QA control before things out of factory?? The interesting thing is, after about 30 minutes uses, the dead pixal is not that obvious, although still noticable while flipping screens..I am not a very picky person, I decided to let the dead pixal be and continue my setup, nightmare continues..The main reason I buy this playbook is to use its bridge function for my blackberry 9800 Torch, and I quickly realize I need to install bridge app on my 9800 torch first.The bridge app wouldn't install because my phone software version was too old, i had to upgrade. The funny thing is, I couldn't upgrade from the older version to the top version in 1 run, but instead of several upgrades took place 1 by 1, and blackberry restarted again and again, what a joke. And after 2 upgrades, my 9800 couldn't connect to the App World anymore!! OK, it was late evening, I called it a day and prepared to continue the next morning.9800 Torch Still couldn't connect to app world the next day, i then realized the corporate email, personal emails, everything all stopped, except the phone functioning. I did some google research from my computer, 'blackberry 3G data not working', and KB24285 popped up immediately on my screen.[...]Wow, seems to be another known issue from blackberry, seems I need another upgrade of my 9800 Torch to a higher version number.Today, found some extra time and decide to finish this SILLY setup. Since I had no 3G data on 9800 Torch, planned to use a computer to download a blackberry desktop manager and see if I can push the higher version from a PC to my 9800 Torch. Went to blackberry's website, got v6.1.0 B38, the latest version from their website, installed, restarted machine, and 'run as administrator' from my Windows 7 Pro 32bit Dell Precision 6400 laptop, Blackberry desktop Software FREEZED on my screen (I wish I can put a screen shot of how silly this software looks like while freezed there)!! Restarted machine again, and still FREEZED! Gosh, I don't know what I can do next, I am wondering hey Blackberry, can you mess the things up even further, can you do a single thing right??BTW one more disappointed, even if I can get my 9800 Torch 3G data problem fixed I would NOT be able to use bridge browser on playbook. Confirmed from my friend that at least with AT&T, you need to pay extra for the monthly tethering fee to use the bridge browseing from 3G.. I am going to return my playbook, and I am going to keep away from any blackberry products as much as I can!!
tablet_blackberry|Not good for me.Just not a good purchase.Maybe a better software will help.Can't stay connected to wifi.Sloooooow and I mean slow.This is my experience.
tablet_blackberry|I regret to say that I have got rid of my Playbook and have replaced it with the new iPad.While the hardware was very good the software was very poor.-There were few native applications on the divice or on the app store, such as Twitter, BBC news, BBC iplayer etc.- Word processing was very bad, for instance, you could not put documents in folders.- The Internet browser was poor when it came to basic things such as making bookmarks (you can't edit the title etc).- The Calender was hard to work, ymail callenders would not sync with the divice.- The Wndows PC software was slow and very limited, for instance, it just uses iTunes to put music on he device, Making the software limited.Because of these reasons the device was unviable.As a divice its only real use is Blackberry Bridge, it is too business orientated, thus not suitable for the mass market.
tablet_blackberry|How can this tablet possibly be receiving positive reviews? While some people feel that it is the best thing ever and some hate it, let me just point out that not everyone received the same quality tablet. Blackberry had sent out many defective ones thus the dramatic drop in price. Some people had no problems, but me and others have had to send ours back to blackberry for various reasons. There's that stupid problem with the power button. I don't care if a tablet has the most cutting edge features and can take you to the moon and back. What good is it if the most basic part of it, the power button, malfunctions? Oh, that's besides the endless battery problems. When the battery dies, the tablet needs to spend 10,000 years on the charger before even turning on even though it is plugged in. As for apps, there are not that many to choose from. You can basically get more use out of a good smartphone than this tablet. I feel that most of the people that reviewed it positively are either blackberry fiends or blackberry employees but I could be wrong. Don't be lured in by the cheap price of this tablet, it is still a waste of money.
tablet_blackberry|NEVER PURCHASE ANYTHING FROM THIS SELLER!!! i became aware, while in the hospital, after emergency surgery, that i am not able to read complete PDF's, i had no problems until then. upon realizing this, i contacted the manufacture, blackberry, very nice and terribly helpful but there seems to be nothing which could be done. so, i called up 'On Sale' since i missed the return period by a couple of days they refuse to give me nor consider a refund. do yourself a favor and buy a kindle fire, i'm sorry i didn't.
tablet_blackberry|For $200 you get what you pay for. It lacks apps, with only 3,000. It has a very nice UI, but doesn't have the applications to make it worth while. No way of saving passwords on webpages which makes you have to type them in each time you visit facebook or check your email. Not really worth the 200...
tablet_blackberry|My friend got one as a gift and it wouldn't turn on because the battery was dead. But you cant charge the battery unless it is turned on. So he gave it to me to fix it i took it home and downloaded their software to fix it. After an hour of effort it finally came on then it asks basic set up questions, time zone, language, ect. but it stopped at "select Country" and just froze. after another few hours i finally got it to work. but even then its processing speed is terrible downloading any type of game from the app story takes 10-20 minutes even with high speed internet. It just has allot of programming problems and was released with too many bugs. i would not recommend this to anyone, no matter how cheap it is.
tablet_blackberry|It's very limited as a tablet device. Better off getting a HP Touchpad if you can find one. The Kindle Fire is actually a better alternative, or the Dell Streak or Galaxy Tab.PROS:-HDMI output is true 1080p, even for TV's as large as 80 inches-Camera picture and video recording quality is superior-Wireless tethering to BB phones is slow but works consistently.-More secure than most other tabletsCONS:-No useful apps available for it in BB appworld-Web browsing with flash objects sometimes crashes the native browser-Booting time is painfully long and slow at startup-Battery life on a full charge lasts 3 hours or lessWith the release of OS 2, there was some hope that more Android apps would be available. Unfortunately, app. devs are abandoning this device. For a simple wifi tablet, it is overpriced and the hardware is old. The battery life makes it an unreliable portable device. And without any apps such as Netflix or HuluPlus, this device is not worth it.
tablet_blackberry|Ok, where to start. Only gave it two stars for some of the hardware specs, everything else was a dud. No Kindle app, the App World is nearly deserted with no signs of improving, found the Bridge feature to be a novelty and little more, when I could actually get it to work. I bought this because my iPad 2 was stolen and I wanted to see if anything else was out there....nothing else is out there, especially not this. Get an iPad.
tablet_blackberry|I ordered this item thinking it will have the same apps that Android has but it did not so I could not use it.
tablet_blackberry|I am real disappointed cuz the internet provider no longer service with Blackberry Playbook which real upset me. My strong recommends buy tablet only IPad, or MiniIPad!!!!!
tablet_blackberry|
tablet_blackberry|The Item is well but I always wanted to know more about the product is brand new and not refurbished because I am interested in other playbook. Thanks
tablet_blackberry|This tablet DOES NOT STREAM NETFLIX. The Netflix app only queues discs. Contact Blackberry Before You Buy and Demand a Netflix Streaming App.
tablet_blackberry|This is the worst amazon transaction I have ever made. Seller was quick on the shipping, and that was good service, the only problem was the Blackberry tablet didnt even work. I have a kindle, and it turned on right away, and was able to access all the features, this Blackberry purchase was a bust. Stay away from this product, cant believe this is even $200usd, If I were to buy it for $50usd, I would pass.
tablet_blackberry|What a big disappointment I can't believe I waited for this JUNK!! After all the hype this is the best Blackberry could do? Back to the drawing board. Cell Phones are the best, Playbook IS a Joke don't waste your time or money. Designers must have been working for Apple on the SIDE..
tablet_blackberry|I brought the playbook and I am not happy at all with it never work for me too many errors and its not the value for money. Its just a crap piece of product from blackberry. I never ever suggest any one to buy this product and not a good support from blackberry either.
tablet_blackberry|I enjoy buying things on Amazon but must I always buy my own power cord? I try used things so I know whether I would like a new one but I always have to go buy a power cord before I can try out the item I ordered. This time it is a cord for the Blackberry Playbook. It had enough juice to let me know the power works and now i have to go buy a power cord to try it out. Think I'll try your competitors for awhile.
tablet_blackberry|Too little too late. They're not only far behind the cutting edge of technology, but have also shown for a long time now that they are unable to innovate. The Playbook doesn't offer anything new or different, nor does it have any advantages over its peer competitors. Watch as the next wave of iPad3/Tegra-3 processor Android tablets comes next year and RIM will continue to struggle just to stay barely in the game.
tablet_blackberry|First of all, seven inches is the wrong size for a tablet that you intend to use for anything other than consuming content. And if all you want to do is consume content just get a Kindle Fire for half the price. If you want a full featured tablet pony up the extra $100 and get an iPad.
